feed        112 commands
runner      112 turns echoed
scarier     114 turns, feed[0] is scarier turn 0

RULE 2 -- every feed command was echoed.

turn 65  get sheet
  run400   You are already carrying your sheet.
  scarier  You're already wearing your sheet!

turn 109  e
  run400   You scurry over to the east. Southeast Corner You occupy the interior of a large cubical enclosure with transparent walls, a high ceiling, and a dirt floor. A slab of metal that functions as a gate is positioned midway up the east wall. Protruding outward perpendicular from a point high up on the south wall is a long cylindrical bar. You see to the west your bed, to the northwest a platform, and to the north a coconut tree. Also to the west is the fire that you started. A thick swarm of hornets fills the air. There are anvils all over the place. Lying on the ground here is a small hook, a coconut and a bucket. The mandrill, harassed by the hornets, is running to and fro like a madman. A small canister drops to the ground, whereupon it explodes like a firecracker.
  scarier  You scurry over to the east. Southeast Corner You occupy the interior of a large cubical enclosure with transparent walls, a high ceiling, and a dirt floor. A slab of metal that functions as a gate is positioned midway up the east wall. Protruding outward perpendicular from a point high up on the south wall is a long cylindrical bar. You see to the west your bed, to the northwest a platform, and to the north a coconut tree. Also to the west is the fire that you started. A thick swarm of hornets fills the air. Lying on the ground here is a small hook, a coconut and a bucket. The mandrill, harassed by the hornets, is running to and fro like a madman. A small canister drops to the ground, whereupon it explodes like a firecracker.

turn 111  jump out
  run400   The time has come to fly this cage. With your friend mattress that you have known to be trustworthy lying on the ground directly below, your confidence in surviving this last plummet has taken a gainful rise. Looking down at the ground from the opening of the cage, the mattress looks the size of a credit card, but surely it cannot be difficult to plan your descent so that your major appendages do not miss it. Yes, you've made your bed. Now it's time to sleep in it. Gripping the cord in one hand you make the fateful leap...and immediately discover that the cord is far too short to cover the length of the drop! The wind goes out of you as you reach the end of it, the cord biting into your chest like a boa constrictor doing the constricting thing, and you discover yourself fluttering there in the air midway between dear ground and cursed cage. The distance you've covered so far is a mere third of the distance to the ground. But with your trusty mattress waiting for you below your confidence and faith is boosted. You untie the cord from your waste and fall the rest of the way to where your mattress waits with arms outstretched. And to the surprise of the entire alien congregation (which you are only able to discern because of the single unified gasp that meets your ears) you land right on it! It breaks the fall completely. Your bones are merely shaken, but none broken. Your breath is gone from you, but you are alive, alive, alive! And FREE! It has grown awfully quiet all of a sudden. And what the hey, where'd all the aliens go? And the stands that were seating them, for that matter? All those waving tentacles just flickered to be replaced by tedious blank walls, as if the end of a cheesy home video had been reached. You aren't in an ampitheatre anymore, just an enormous circular room. I repeat, what the hey? As you are collecting yourself from the mattress you hear something weighty bounce off it behind you. It's the chimpanzee! The drop didn't injure him in the slightest because his kind learns how to take falls early on (Juvenile chimps have been observed pushing their friends out of trees just for the joke of it. Kids can be so cruel). The chimp seems to be chittering and pointing to a small glass door set in the wall that you didn't notice until now. You walk across to it and pull it open slowly...to see two old boys you recognize standing there in white coats. "...I didn't think he would make it. I guess I owe you $10, Dr. Glee. Oh dear, speak of the devil." Dr. Wickett clears his throat. "Er, aherm, yes, good morning to you. Did you have, er, a pleasant rise?" "Coffee couldn't have done a better job, could it have?", asks Dr. Glee with a forced smirk. There's an awkward pause before you put the question forth. "Wh-where'd all the tentacles...?" The words just dribbled out of you. It was the only thing you could think of to say. "Er...well, they weren't real, exactly. We had to simulate them, you see, for the sake of the experiment." Dr. Wickett chuckles a bit uncomfortably. Nevertheless, there was no mistake. It was the same laugh you heard last night while your bed was being whisked away with you still sitting upright in it, just before that block of ceiling took a swipe at your head. You are beginning to feel...something...build up in you......a hot feeling...a nasty feeling...the kind of feeling that trumpets a "Mr. Hyde" spell...the kind of feeling people who find themselves labeled as "axe-murderers" sometimes get...the kind of feeling felt by the man who considers it's about time his wife needs a beating with that boot lying by the couch over there... "Creating the video was labor-intensive. But employing all those engineers...", offers Dr. Wickett. "You wouldn't believe how much it cost to import the mandrill", says Dr. Glee, still forcing that nervous smile. You can't answer. You can't speak a word. "Flabbergasted" just isn't strong enough. "Er, did you...like the Latin?" "Dr. Glee voiced it himself", adds Dr. Wickett. A glare is beginning to set itself on your face. Your jaw is hardening. Your hands are twitching but you hardly notice it. The two men are slowly backing away. (I'm keeping some distance, myself) "Y-you've proved an important hypothesis, you know. We'll have to repeat the experiment a few more times just to make sure, but..." Dr. Wickett swallows. "Think of what you've done for science", ventures Dr. Glee. That is it. No more. > GIVE FINGER TO DR. WICKETT
  scarier  The time has come to fly this cage. With your friend mattress that you have known to be trustworthy lying on the ground directly below, your confidence in surviving this last plummet has taken a gainful rise. Looking down at the ground from the opening of the cage, the mattress looks the size of a credit card, but surely it cannot be difficult to plan your descent so that your major appendages do not miss it. Yes, you've made your bed. Now it's time to sleep in it. Gripping the cord in one hand you make the fateful leap...and immediately discover that the cord is far too short to cover the length of the drop! The wind goes out of you as you reach the end of it, the cord biting into your chest like a boa constrictor doing the constricting thing, and you discover yourself fluttering there in the air midway between dear ground and cursed cage. The distance you've covered so far is a mere third of the distance to the ground. But with your trusty mattress waiting for you below your confidence and faith is boosted. You untie the cord from your waste and fall the rest of the way to where your mattress waits with arms outstretched. And to the surprise of the entire alien congregation (which you are only able to discern because of the single unified gasp that meets your ears) you land right on it! It breaks the fall completely. Your bones are merely shaken, but none broken. Your breath is gone from you, but you are alive, alive, alive! And FREE! It has grown awfully quiet all of a sudden. And what the hey, where'd all the aliens go? And the stands that were seating them, for that matter? All those waving tentacles just flickered to be replaced by tedious blank walls, as if the end of a cheesy home video had been reached. You aren't in an ampitheatre anymore, just an enormous circular room. I repeat, what the hey? As you are collecting yourself from the mattress you hear something weighty bounce off it behind you. It's the chimpanzee! The drop didn't injure him in the slightest because his kind learns how to take falls early on (Juvenile chimps have been observed pushing their friends out of trees just for the joke of it. Kids can be so cruel). The chimp seems to be chittering and pointing to a small glass door set in the wall that you didn't notice until now. You walk across to it and pull it open slowly...to see two old boys you recognize standing there in white coats. "...I didn't think he would make it. I guess I owe you $10, Dr. Glee. Oh dear, speak of the devil." Dr. Wickett clears his throat. "Er, aherm, yes, good morning to you. Did you have, er, a pleasant rise?" "Coffee couldn't have done a better job, could it have?", asks Dr. Glee with a forced smirk. There's an awkward pause before you put the question forth. "Wh-where'd all the tentacles...?" The words just dribbled out of you. It was the only thing you could think of to say. "Er...well, they weren't real, exactly. We had to simulate them, you see, for the sake of the experiment." Dr. Wickett chuckles a bit uncomfortably. Nevertheless, there was no mistake. It was the same laugh you heard last night while your bed was being whisked away with you still sitting upright in it, just before that block of ceiling took a swipe at your head. You are beginning to feel...something...build up in you......a hot feeling...a nasty feeling...the kind of feeling that trumpets a "Mr. Hyde" spell...the kind of feeling people who find themselves labeled as "axe-murderers" sometimes get...the kind of feeling felt by the man who considers it's about time his wife needs a beating with that boot lying by the couch over there... "Creating the video was labor-intensive. But employing all those engineers...", offers Dr. Wickett. "You wouldn't believe how much it cost to import the mandrill", says Dr. Glee, still forcing that nervous smile. You can't answer. You can't speak a word. "Flabbergasted" just isn't strong enough. "Er, did you...like the Latin?" "Dr. Glee voiced it himself", adds Dr. Wickett. A glare is beginning to set itself on your face. Your jaw is hardening. Your hands are twitching but you hardly notice it. The two men are slowly backing away. (I'm keeping some distance, myself) "Y-you've proved an important hypothesis, you know. We'll have to repeat the experiment a few more times just to make sure, but..." Dr. Wickett swallows. "Think of what you've done for science", ventures Dr. Glee. That is it. No more.

(the openings differ too -- banner, graphics notice or the
 Runner's own startup lines; usually not an engine difference)
