feed        523 commands
runner      518 turns echoed
scarier     523 turns, feed[0] is scarier turn 0

RULE 2 -- every feed command was echoed.

turn 32  west
  run400   I walk west. In the southern tower The lower part of the tower is occupied by a red-carpeted, leather-tiled hall. The arched ceiling is featured by a silver chandelier, portraits of the royal family are framing the walls and a pair of big chinese vases are decorating both sides of the staircase. The old alchemist is standing nearby. A happy couple is walking hand in hand. I can go east, west and up.
  scarier  I walk west. In the southern tower The lower part of the tower is occupied by a red-carpeted, leather-tiled hall. The arched ceiling is featured by a silver chandelier, portraits of the royal family are framing the walls and a pair of big chinese vases are decorating both sides of the staircase. The old alchemist is standing nearby. A servant is hurrying by. I can go east, west and up.

turn 39  west
  run400   I walk west. On the II. courtyard The courtyard is a large square area, paved with white stones and looking over a large part of the castle. A large staircase is attached to the middle of the eastern wall. A servant is hurrying by. I can go east, south, west and up.
  scarier  I walk west. On the II. courtyard The courtyard is a large square area, paved with white stones and looking over a large part of the castle. A large staircase is attached to the middle of the eastern wall. A pretty woman is walking by. I can go east, south, west and up.

turn 51  west
  run400   I walk west. On the III. courtyard The courtyard is a large square area, paved with white stones and looking over a large part of the castle. In the center of the yard there is an ancient-looking fountain. There is a group of jugglers chatting near to me. A young man is crossing my way. I can go east and west.
  scarier  I walk west. On the III. courtyard The courtyard is a large square area, paved with white stones and looking over a large part of the castle. In the center of the yard there is an ancient-looking fountain. There is a group of jugglers chatting near to me. A man in black walks by, saluting me. I can go east and west.

turn 56  up
  run400   I walk up. In the wide hall The wide hall has leather-tiled walls, a luxurious red carpet, a big red stove and golden chandeliers below the arched ceiling. Tall windows are framing the southern wall, while the opposite wall is covered with portraits. Standing by the long northern wall are tall chairs and chinese vases and a wooden staircase is spiraling down to the cellar. The merchant is watching my steps with an alligator smile. A man in black walks by, saluting me. I can go north, east and down.
  scarier  I walk up. In the wide hall The wide hall has leather-tiled walls, a luxurious red carpet, a big red stove and golden chandeliers below the arched ceiling. Tall windows are framing the southern wall, while the opposite wall is covered with portraits. Standing by the long northern wall are tall chairs and chinese vases and a wooden staircase is spiraling down to the cellar. The merchant is watching my steps with an alligator smile. A servant is hurrying by. I can go north, east and down.

turn 61  south
  run400   I walk south. In the wide hall The wide hall has leather-tiled walls, a luxurious red carpet, a big red stove and golden chandeliers below the arched ceiling. Tall windows are framing the southern wall, while the opposite wall is covered with portraits. Standing by the long northern wall are tall chairs and chinese vases and a wooden staircase is spiraling down to the cellar. The merchant is watching my steps with an alligator smile. A servant is hurrying by. I can go north, east and down.
  scarier  I walk south. In the wide hall The wide hall has leather-tiled walls, a luxurious red carpet, a big red stove and golden chandeliers below the arched ceiling. Tall windows are framing the southern wall, while the opposite wall is covered with portraits. Standing by the long northern wall are tall chairs and chinese vases and a wooden staircase is spiraling down to the cellar. The merchant is watching my steps with an alligator smile. An older man is passing by slowly. I can go north, east and down.

turn 70  north
  run400   I walk north. On the II. courtyard The courtyard is a large square area, paved with white stones and looking over a large part of the castle. A large staircase is attached to the middle of the eastern wall. A man in black walks by, saluting me. A shower of white snow flakes flutters down slowly. I can go east, south, west and up.
  scarier  I walk north. On the II. courtyard The courtyard is a large square area, paved with white stones and looking over a large part of the castle. A large staircase is attached to the middle of the eastern wall. An older man is passing by slowly. A shower of white snow flakes flutters down slowly. I can go east, south, west and up.

turn 123  north
  run400   I walk north. On the II. courtyard The courtyard is a large square area, paved with white stones and looking over a large part of the castle. A large staircase is attached to the middle of the eastern wall. The merchant is watching my steps with an alligator smile. A man in black walks by, saluting me. I can go east, south, west and up.
  scarier  I walk north. On the II. courtyard The courtyard is a large square area, paved with white stones and looking over a large part of the castle. A large staircase is attached to the middle of the eastern wall. The merchant is watching my steps with an alligator smile. A pretty woman is walking by. I can go east, south, west and up.

turn 138  west
  run400   I walk west. On the III. courtyard The courtyard is a large square area, paved with white stones and looking over a large part of the castle. In the center of the yard there is an ancient-looking fountain. A happy couple is walking hand in hand. A warm, light breeze blows gently in my face. A light shower of rain is fluttering down. I can go north, east and west.
  scarier  I walk west. On the III. courtyard The courtyard is a large square area, paved with white stones and looking over a large part of the castle. In the center of the yard there is an ancient-looking fountain. A pretty woman is walking by. A warm, light breeze blows gently in my face. A light shower of rain is fluttering down. I can go north, east and west.

turn 143  east
  run400   I walk east. In the royal garden The garden is a rich mixture of flowers and trees of all kinds, a lot of them having been brought from distant countries. Several benches are scattered along the grassy paths. There is also a shovel. A pretty woman is walking by. A light shower of rain is fluttering down. I can go south and west.
  scarier  I walk east. In the royal garden The garden is a rich mixture of flowers and trees of all kinds, a lot of them having been brought from distant countries. Several benches are scattered along the grassy paths. There is also a shovel. A young man is crossing my way. A light shower of rain is fluttering down. I can go south and west.

turn 192  north
  run400   I walk north. By the northern tower I am standing upon a stony ground, right in front of a tall tower, which has no windows, just a square hole as an entrance. The tower must be very old, judging from the state of decay. A happy couple is walking hand in hand. I can go south and in.
  scarier  I walk north. By the northern tower I am standing upon a stony ground, right in front of a tall tower, which has no windows, just a square hole as an entrance. The tower must be very old, judging from the state of decay. A young man is crossing my way. I can go south and in.

... stopping after 10 differing turns
(the openings differ too -- banner, graphics notice or the
 Runner's own startup lines; usually not an engine difference)
