feed        151 commands
runner      151 turns echoed
scarier     151 turns, feed[0] is scarier turn 0

RULE 2 -- every feed command was echoed.

turn 99  open chest
  run400   Command not understood
  scarier  You can't open that.

turn 106  e
  run400   You move east. Somlost Ravine You are standing on the edge of a huge ravine. Below you the cliff drops about 60ft down onto jagged rocks. The ravine is about 30ft wide and impossible to jump across. Jumping down would result in immediate death. West will take you along a path. There is an eagle above you circling around your head. Serond follows you from the west. Serond shoots a large eagle with the oak staff. A large eagle hits Serond.
  scarier  You move east. Somlost Ravine You are standing on the edge of a huge ravine. Below you the cliff drops about 60ft down onto jagged rocks. The ravine is about 30ft wide and impossible to jump across. Jumping down would result in immediate death. West will take you along a path. There is an eagle above you circling around your head. Serond follows you from the west. Serond shoots a large eagle with the oak staff. A large eagle hits you, but it doesn't seem to do any damage.

turn 112  ne
  run400   You move northeast. Nelone mountain pass This long path threads through the mountains east or to a junction southwest. There is a Narn here. Serond follows you. Serond shoots the little Narn with the oak staff. The little Narn hits you.
  scarier  You move northeast. Nelone mountain pass This long path threads through the mountains east or to a junction southwest. There is a Narn here. Serond follows you. Serond shoots the little Narn with the oak staff. The little Narn hits Serond.

turn 121  ne
  run400   You move northeast. Uron Dark Path The path turns marshier here, great pools of boiling mud litter the path. The smell is choking. Southwest will take you down the mountain. Northwest will take you up the mountain. There is a large Narn here. Serond follows you. Serond shoots a large Narn with the oak staff. A large Narn hits Serond.
  scarier  You move northeast. Uron Dark Path The path turns marshier here, great pools of boiling mud litter the path. The smell is choking. Southwest will take you down the mountain. Northwest will take you up the mountain. There is a large Narn here. Serond follows you. Serond shoots a large Narn with the oak staff. A large Narn hits you.

turn 126  open door
  run400   The doors slowly creak open. A darkness that seems to come out of the doors, consumes you.
  scarier  The doors slowly creak open. A darkness that seems to come out of the doors, consumes you. Haron follows you. A knight catches up to you and smiles. Clearing his throat he says: " I am Haron, I have been sent by Queen Natalya to aid you in your quest. I have brought a gift from Natalya." Haron hands you a phial.

turn 127  n
  run400   You move north. Uron Castle Main Hall The hall is huge and has Gargoyles around the ceiling. When looking at one, another seems to move out of the corner of your eye. Out will take you back outside. North will take you into a long room. West will take you into a corridor. East will take you into a smaller room. Larnt is here. Serond follows you from the south. Serond shoots the dark knight with the oak staff. Haron follows you. A knight catches up to you and smiles. Clearing his throat he says: " I am Haron, I have been sent by Queen Natalya to aid you in your quest. I have brought a gift from Natalya." Haron hands you a phial. The dark knight cuts Haron with the blade from Uron.
  scarier  You move north. Uron Castle Main Hall The hall is huge and has Gargoyles around the ceiling. When looking at one, another seems to move out of the corner of your eye. Out will take you back outside. North will take you into a long room. West will take you into a corridor. East will take you into a smaller room. Larnt is here. Serond follows you from the south. Serond shoots the dark knight with the oak staff. Haron follows you from the south. Haron cuts the dark knight with the elven sword. The dark knight cuts you with the blade from Uron.

turn 128  attack larnt
  run400   You hit the dark knight with the magic cube. Serond shoots the dark knight with the oak staff. Larnt drops to the floor with a spine chilling shriek as he dissolves into the ground.
  scarier  You hit the dark knight with the magic cube. Larnt drops to the floor with a spine chilling shriek as he dissolves into the ground.

turn 147  north
  run400   As you pass through the door, Urgorn creates a spell that shuts the exit to the South. He then smiles, and says: Just us now, no escape. Serond follows you from the south. Serond shoots the dark lord with the oak staff. Haron follows you from the south.
  scarier  As you pass through the door, Urgorn creates a spell that shuts the exit to the South. He then smiles, and says: Just us now, no escape. Serond follows you from the south. Serond shoots the dark lord with the oak staff. Haron follows you from the south. Haron cuts the dark lord with the elven sword. The dark lord shoots Serond with the ball of fire. Serond drops to the floor and as he looks you in the eye, he whispers: "Good Luck" His body then magically dissapears.

turn 148  attack urgorn
  run400   You hit the dark lord with the magic cube. Serond shoots the dark lord with the oak staff. Haron cuts the dark lord with the elven sword. The dark lord shoots Haron with the ball of fire.
  scarier  You hit the dark lord with the magic cube.

turn 149  attack urgorn
  run400   You hit the dark lord with the magic cube. Serond shoots the dark lord with the oak staff.
  scarier  You hit the dark lord with the magic cube. Haron cuts the dark lord with the elven sword.

turn 150  attack urgorn -- the Runner appended [Press any key to end], which is the host's own keypress prompt (ALR-rewritten in some games), not game text.  The turn is identical either side of it.

1 turn(s) differed only by the Runner's trailing keypress prompt.

(the openings differ too -- banner, graphics notice or the
 Runner's own startup lines; usually not an engine difference)
