feed        40 commands
runner      39 turns echoed
scarier     40 turns, feed[0] is scarier turn 0

RULE 2 -- 1 command(s) the Runner never echoed.  Everything
after the first of them is out of step and is NOT an engine
difference until the feed is fixed and the row re-driven:
    feed[26]  s

turn 0  out
  run400   You move out. The Footpath You are standing on the footpath. It is very busy here. To the west of you is the Imperial Agency building, where the bomb is supposed to be planted. A car speeds through a red light. A man walks by and presses the traffic light button. There is a manhole here which leads in the sewers. You can move west and in.
  scarier  You move out. The Footpath You are standing on the footpath. It is very busy here. To the west of you is the Imperial Agency building, where the bomb is supposed to be planted. A ambulance with its sirens blazing zooms through a red light. A man walks by and presses the traffic light button. There is a manhole here which leads in the sewers. You can move west and in.

turn 25  get all from work table
  run400   You take the crowbar from work table. > ss I don't understand what you mean!
  scarier  You take the crowbar from work table.

turn 27  in  (past the first lost command)
  run400   You can only move south.
  scarier  You move in. The Elevator - 3rd Floor You are in the elevator on the 3rd floor. No one is in it except you. You can move up, down and out.

turn 28  down  (past the first lost command)
  run400   You can only move south.
  scarier  You move down. The Elevator - Ground Floor You are in the elevator on the ground floor. No one else is in here. You must go up to the 28th floor. You can move up and out.

turn 29  out  (past the first lost command)
  run400   You can only move south.
  scarier  You move out. The Lobby You are standing in the lobby of the Imperial Agency building. People are walking all about the place. There is an elevator next to you. You can move east and in.

turn 30  e  (past the first lost command)
  run400   You can only move south.
  scarier  You move east. The Footpath You are standing on the footpath. It is very busy here. To the west of you is the Imperial Agency building, where the bomb is supposed to be planted. A fire truck with its sirens blazing zooms through a red light. A young child and his mother walk by. There is a manhole here which leads in the sewers. You can move west, down and in.

turn 31  down  (past the first lost command)
  run400   You can only move south.
  scarier  You move down. The Sewers You are underground in a dark sewer. There is a package here. You can only move up.

turn 36  open package  (past the first lost command)
  run400   You can't open that.
  scarier  You open the package. A bomb is inside the package.

turn 38  cut red wire  (past the first lost command)
  run400   Who do you want to attack?
  scarier  You cut the red wire. The lights on the bomb stop flashing. Jack: Yeah, I did it! Anonymous: Very impressive Jack, but I'm afraid now you're going to have to die. Further down the sewer is a man with a long beard holding a mobile phone in one hand and a uzi sub-machinegun in the other. Anonymous: My real name is Edgar Henderson, but now you must die...

turn 39  shoot edgar  (past the first lost command)
  run400   Who do you want to attack?
  scarier  You quickly pull out your gun and fire. You don't have much accuaracy because you reacted so quickly. The bullet hit right between Edgar's eyes. Edgar stumbles backwards and falls into the water, dead. You have just won Bomb Threat! Or have you... You scored 0 out of the maximum 0! That is 100% of the game! Well done - you scored maximum points!

(the openings differ too -- banner, graphics notice or the
 Runner's own startup lines; usually not an engine difference)
