feed        142 commands
runner      132 turns echoed
scarier     142 turns, feed[0] is scarier turn 0

RULE 2 -- every feed command was echoed.

turn 120  undo
  run400   Undone. "No? Ah, Nevare. You are assuming you have a choice in the matter..." [MORE] Uncle Gavin's Story {part 2} We buried Clarkson in the river bed as best we could, piling stones atop him. Simonson raised the issue again that we should turn back and I was all for agreeing with him, but your father was obstinate that we continue. He said that to turn back now would make the sacrifices of Penwright and Clarkson in vain and that it was in their good name that we go on. I wondered at the word 'sacrifices' but didn't wish to cause friction between your father and Simonson so I held my peace. In the end, as I knew would happen, Simonson bowed to your father's determined stance and we pressed on. The weather turned cold. Frighteningly cold. We had ill prepared for it, assuming that Africa, in the height of summer, would be a hot place. We suffered for our poor planning. Again, Simonson raised the issue of us turning back and he and your father came close to shouting at each other on many occasions. I acted as a go between, though my feelings on the subject were that turning back would be a good idea indeed. I think the only thing that kept me from doing so was that I had always admired your father, Nevare, and had sought for a good part of my adult life to emulate him. To be him, if you will. Turning back - worse still, siding with Simonson against your father - would have been an admission that I wasn't cut from the same cloth as he was. So I acted as the go between to calm down tempers and in that way we pressed on further. We should have reached the village the following day. It was marked on our maps, unclearly but marked all the same, yet we reached the area where it was reputed to lie and found ourselves in a dusty valley. If a village had ever stood anywhere within that valley, we could find no trace of it. Yet the valley was not entirely deserted. There was one person waiting for us when we arrived at its far end and his presence placed a cold chill in my heart. It was Penwright. [MORE] "Penwright." You didn't realise your uncle had finished speaking at first. The final word - the name of the dead man who was still moving - echoes around the chamber and, finally, you blink and come back to yourself. "Was he dead or alive? It was hard to tell." You want to ask a question but your mouth is dry. You cannot speak. Your uncle groans. "I am weary, boy. All this talking, it... tires me so. Fetch me my satchel." You stand there, unmoving. "In your father's study. He keeps it there. He keeps it..." A sigh. "I forget where, but I know it is in there. Fetch it for me and return. Go." On shaking legs, you flee the chamber. [MORE] l l l Study l l l Your father's study is actually used as a reading room, hence the many thick tomes on shelves around the walls. He often retires here at night to read, though his choice of reading materials seems strange and bewildering to you. Needless to say, you are forbidden to read from any of the books in here and the door is kept locked for most of the time. A chair by the window is where your father sits to read, though the appalling creaking sound it makes at the lightest touch is enough to set your teeth on edge. There is a door to the east.
  scarier  Undone. Sorry. That is not understood.

(the openings differ too -- banner, graphics notice or the
 Runner's own startup lines; usually not an engine difference)
