feed        309 commands
runner      306 turns echoed
scarier     309 turns, feed[0] is scarier turn 0

RULE 2 -- every feed command was echoed.

turn 137  nw
  run400   The wind on your wet body makes you shiver uncontrollably. You can barely move.
  scarier  You trot northwest, through the waving grass. A short time later you emerge from it completely. Track The walls of the valley narrow substantially here, almost joining in the middle. Boulders and loose stones fill the valley floor having fallen from the imposing cliffs on either side. The track meanders around the largest obstacles as it continues northwards, but the view to the north is cut short by a small rise which you can't see beyond. To the south the track emerges from a vast green expanse, a stretch of waving grass that fills up your southern view entirely but stops quite unexpectedly a short distance away. You can hear a strong wind howling as it blows over the cliffs, but little of the wind can be felt below.

turn 138  score
  run400   Your score is 27 out of a maximum of 101. Enter FULL SCORE to see a complete breakdown of the scoring items. Your fur coat dries slowly.
  scarier  Your score is 27 out of a maximum of 101. Enter FULL SCORE to see a complete breakdown of the scoring items. Your fur coat dries out completely.

turn 139  n
  run400   The valley wall narrows here and prevents you from moving in that direction.
  scarier  You trot north towards the rise, but stop suddenly when your vulpine senses detect movement ahead. You creep forward and peer carefully over the rise. A short distance ahead you can see the village of Tallum. Closest to you is what looks like the village square, a large paved area that is probably used for village celebrations and gatherings but is now almost deserted. Almost. There are four men in the centre of the square. One man is hovering about five feet above the ground, whimpering as his legs and arms flail wildly, his face and arms marked by bruises and cuts, his greying beard and hair unkempt. The incongruity of a man suspended in the air without apparent support distracts you momentarily and you fail to examine the other men closely. Two of the men are like apparitions from the past. Every story you've heard about the war with Gord ten years ago includes horrific tales of the destructive force that were the Ralyon warriors. Their magically enhanced endurance and strength, evidenced by the overdeveloped muscles in their upper body, were the cause of nightmares for the King of Rylane during the war. They were supposed to have been destroyed, with no chance they could ever come back. And then you notice the other man standing there. A man dressed completely in black, with an amulet of blue around his neck. The mysterious phantom you saw in Ryla. The man appears to be really present this time, with nothing wraith-like about his appearance. He is facing the hovering man with one arm upraised almost as if to help him down. "Why do my men continue to die on the mountain?" the black-robed man demands, his voice carrying to you quite clearly. "You tell me there's nothing to fear, but my men continue to die. Why?" "I'm sorry, my lord," the hovering man replies, his voice breaking. "We didn't know..." "Didn't know?! How could you not know? You're the mayor of this pathetic little village, aren't you? You live so close you must have contact with him. Don't your people go up there from time to time?" "My lord, we don't go up the mountain. He doesn't visit us here. Please my lord, I'm speaking the truth..." "Maybe I'll just send your children up the mountains instead. You have a daughter, don't you?" The mayor, who had been struggling against his predicament, freezes and his face turns white. "No!" he gasps. "Please, she's only five. I'll do anything you want..." "Look, I'm tired of your grovelling. You obviously can't help me, and I'm too busy to waste more time on you. I'll come back later and find someone who can." And with that, the black robed man waves his hand and the hapless man suddenly flies upwards at an incredible rate, screaming the entire time. You hear the scream move in a southerly direction as the wind catches the man and carries him away, and eventually the sound fades away completely. In front of you, the black robed man turns to the Ralyon guards, and speaks in a voice even you can't hear. The guards immediately turn and head west. When they have departed, the black robed man waves his hand again, and there is a bright flash of green light which blinds you momentarily. When your eyes clear, the black robed man has vanished. You wait for a moment or two to make sure there is no further danger, then make your way to the village square. Village square A broad area of stone pavement marks the centre of the village of Tallum. At each corner of the square is a tall wooden pole, around the top of which are the remains of some decorations from some previous village celebration. A rough track to the northeast leads to what looks like some land devoted to farming, to the southeast you can see some animal stalls, and directly east is a large, barn-like structure. A cluster of houses that must make up the residential part of the town can be seen to the southwest, while a tall building, which resembles a mill, can also be seen to the north. A well-worn path leads west, up a small incline, to what seems to be an inn. The village appears to be protected from the howling wind somewhat, with only a few light gusts reaching ground level. Your vulpine hearing detects some sounds -- movement to the west.

turn 140  e
  run400   The valley wall narrows here and prevents you from moving in that direction.
  scarier  You trot east. Barns The eastern edge of the village is devoted solely to barns and grain storage. Two barns are visible, although one of them has recently burnt to the ground leaving only half a wall and some beams. Alongside the undamaged barn is a grain silo, a cylindrical structure standing almost as tall as the barn itself. The door to the barn, which is painted a dull red colour, is currently shut. To the south you can see some animal stalls, and in the north you can see some fields. The village square lies to the west.

turn 141  s
  run400   The hunting party is not far away. Heading back into the forest is only likely to bring about your swift demise, so you decide to keep moving forward.
  scarier  You trot south. Animal stalls Three large animal stalls have been constructed here, each one separated from the next by a small wooden wall. Each stall has an enclosed area at the rear for the comfort of any animals during harsh weather. The first of the three stalls is a pig pen, which contains about half a dozen animals who are actively moving around in search of food. A gate keeps the pigs contained in the pen. The other stalls are currently vacant and appear to have been so for some time. Looking to the north you can see a large barn and silo, while the village square lies to the northwest.

turn 142  chew rope
  run400   You look around briefly, but don't see anything here that fits that description. More of the water dries out of your fur coat.
  scarier  You attack the loop of rope with vigour, and in moments it lies at your feet in a shredded, tangled mess.

turn 143  n
  run400   The valley wall narrows here and prevents you from moving in that direction.
  scarier  You trot north. Barns The eastern edge of the village is devoted solely to barns and grain storage. Two barns are visible, although one of them has recently burnt to the ground leaving only half a wall and some beams. Alongside the undamaged barn is a grain silo, a cylindrical structure standing almost as tall as the barn itself. The door to the barn, which is painted a dull red colour, is currently shut. To the south you can see some animal stalls, and in the north you can see some fields. The village square lies to the west.

turn 144  dig under door
  run400   The ground is certainly soft enough to allow you to dig, but you're not sure what could be gained by digging random holes. You decide to think about this further before expending unnecessary energy.
  scarier  The ground beneath the barn door is soft, and soon your paws are sending clods of earth flying behind you. In no time there is a serviceable tunnel under the barn door that is large enough to allow you through.

turn 145  in
  run400   You can't go in that direction, but you can move south, west, southeast, southwest and northwest.
  scarier  You crawl through the tunnel under the door. Inside the barn A stack of hay bales dominates the interior of the barn, sitting just to the left of the main door, towering above you and occupying a large proportion of the barn's available floor space. The upper reaches of the barn are dim, but light through the window over the door gives adequate light to the lower areas. The main door out of the barn is currently closed, although a tunnel has been dug beneath it which looks large enough to provide an exit. Towards the rear of the barn is a loft, a platform that provides an additional level of storage, which comes about halfway towards the front of the barn. At one end of the loft you spy a moveable ladder, which would provide access to the loft if it weren't in a stored position, tied up with a rope that looks to be out of reach. Leaning up against the rear wall is a pick.

turn 146  chew bale
  run400   A stray thought enters your mind, but you dismiss it quickly. It just didn't make sense.
  scarier  You attack the disintegrating hay bale with vigour, ripping hay out with your teeth and digging into it with your paws. You notice the sagging in the upper bales increasing, and just as they fall you jump out of the way to avoid being crushed. Two bales from near the top bounce across the floor, one coming to rest near the rear of the barn, while the other slams into the opposite wall and dislodges one of the planks that form part of its construction. The plank falls into the barn, and weak daylight filters through the opening. A third bale also falls, but it rolls to a stop not far from the stack.

... stopping after 10 differing turns
(the openings differ too -- banner, graphics notice or the
 Runner's own startup lines; usually not an engine difference)
