feed        85 commands
runner      85 turns echoed
scarier     86 turns, feed[0] is scarier turn 0

RULE 2 -- every feed command was echoed.

turn 84  attack tife
  run400   I leapt from my hiding spot and jumped on Tife. I pinned him to the ground and took the knife from his inventory. Now I had him trapped where he would pay for his treachery. I raised the knife and So, in a situation of conflict, I can expect you to kill your opponents? No! No! No! I haven't finished yet! I was only threatening Tife. When he apologised I let him back up, whilst taking the Forgotten Jewel from him for safekeeping. Tife agreed that he had been selfish, and it wouldn't happen again, as we were a team. And we were, as although we might disagree sometimes, we always came to an agreement by the end of the argument. With the team spirit restored we went back and rescued Fit and Source, before returning to the town and our big reward. We split the money equally, as originally planned, and did not penalise Tife. Unfortunately most of the reward was spent in replacing the lost equipment and healing ourselves from the damage caused in chasing Tife. We weren't as successful as we had originally hoped, but we were a little better off and had the satisfaction of having been able to find a solution to all of the puzzles. The quest was finally complete and so is my answer to your question. (Press a key) Well, that was definitely a long answer, although I will admit it was a difficult question. Unfortunately I don't have time to go through the remaining interview questions, so we will have to stop here. It was a pleasure having you here, and we will be back in contact with you in several weeks if you are successful in proceeding to the next stage. Thank you for your time. And with that, it was time to leave. Hopefully the answers were adequate or maybe even better. It is difficult to know though. Was the answer too strange or did it cover the areas well in an unorthodox manner? Did the answer take up too much time and important questions were missed? Will someone else have a better answer? Probably. Maybe. Who knows? The only thing left to do is to . >wait Time passes You scored 50 out of the maximum 50! That is 100% of the game! Well done - you scored maximum points! [Press any key to end]
  scarier  I leapt from my hiding spot and jumped on Tife. I pinned him to the ground and took the knife from his inventory. Now I had him trapped where he would pay for his treachery. I raised the knife and So, in a situation of conflict, I can expect you to kill your opponents? No! No! No! I haven't finished yet! I was only threatening Tife. When he apologised I let him back up, whilst taking the Forgotten Jewel from him for safekeeping. Tife agreed that he had been selfish, and it wouldn't happen again, as we were a team. And we were, as although we might disagree sometimes, we always came to an agreement by the end of the argument. With the team spirit restored we went back and rescued Fit and Source, before returning to the town and our big reward. We split the money equally, as originally planned, and did not penalise Tife. Unfortunately most of the reward was spent in replacing the lost equipment and healing ourselves from the damage caused in chasing Tife. We weren't as successful as we had originally hoped, but we were a little better off and had the satisfaction of having been able to find a solution to all of the puzzles. The quest was finally complete and so is my answer to your question. (Press a key) Well, that was definitely a long answer, although I will admit it was a difficult question. Unfortunately I don't have time to go through the remaining interview questions, so we will have to stop here. It was a pleasure having you here, and we will be back in contact with you in several weeks if you are successful in proceeding to the next stage. Thank you for your time. And with that, it was time to leave. Hopefully the answers were adequate or maybe even better. It is difficult to know though. Was the answer too strange or did it cover the areas well in an unorthodox manner? Did the answer take up too much time and important questions were missed? Will someone else have a better answer? Probably. Maybe. Who knows? The only thing left to do is to .

(the openings differ too -- banner, graphics notice or the
 Runner's own startup lines; usually not an engine difference)
