feed        85 commands
runner      85 turns echoed
scarier     85 turns, feed[0] is scarier turn 0

RULE 2 -- every feed command was echoed.

turn 84  down
  run400   You move down. Eggbert has transformed this basement into a laboratory, full of weird potions and strange diagrams. It is the testament to an obsessed mind. The place is littered with sketches of the human body, some drawn horribly mangled yet still alive... A rung ladder leads back to the kitchen. The flask that once held Eggbert's prized potion is now empty. You pray he doesn't notice for a while. Also here is bottle of whisky. Eggbert is here. You can only move up. Horace lurches in from above. You drop down into the laboratory, Horace following you. Eggbert freezes, then drops the test tube he was carrying. Uncle Horace fixes Eggbert with a blank gaze, then lurches toward him, hands outstretched. Eggbert shrinks back into the wall and tries feebly to defend himself, but is powerless to stop the zombie from tearing out his eyes, before ripping open the top of his head and feasting on the brain inside. Horace's movements knock over a bunsen burner, which then sets fire to the various spilled chemicals on the floor. As you leap out into the kitchen and head for the door, one thing is certain in your mind - Eggbert got more than he bargained for when he asked for eternal life... You run through the garden as the house begins to burn. The full moon casts its eye over your fleeing body... and the wolves chasing it. Frantically you grab a branch and, using it as a club, hit the nearest one with all your strength. Surprisingly it yelps and falls to the ground, and you feel almost sorry for it as you realise you have knocked out two of its teeth. But you have no time for pity. The pack are almost upon you as you reach your car and fire the engine. It starts first time - you cheer - and soon you have left the snarling creatures far behind. You decide to head for the nearest village, and find somewhere to stay. Your route takes you once more past the House of the Damned - and, as the flames lick the roof, you think you hear screams coming from the attic - the frantic shrieks of The Oracle, locked in his prison to burn alive. The next day. You are in a pub, still shaken from the experience, and have just finished recounting it to the barman. "What a load of crap," he expectorates, finally, and turns around to serve the next customer. You shrug - well, you didn't expect anyone to believe you. And you certainly can't blame the barman for being surly - he has a fresh, purple bruise covering his left cheek, and a couple of his teeth are missing... THE END! Checklist - Did you: * Sit on the toilet? * Kiss Eggbert? * Kiss Horace? * Eat everything on the vegetable patch? * Drink toilet water? * Drink a whole bottle of whisky in one go? * Get eaten by the wolves? * Get bitten by the piranha? * Have to start again because you were too slow when Eggbert went off to check out the clock? * Get attacked by the plant? * Get ripped to bits by Horace? * Talk to the Oracle? About everything? * Really annoy Eggbert? * Kill yourself? With poison and weedkiller? * Kill Eggbert with the hammer? * Look at the bookshelves in the library? * Find what was in the umbrella stand? * Take off all your clothes? Your shoes, trousers, shirt, tie and underpants? * Swear and be reprimanded by Campbell Wild? NO? Better try again then... You scored 84 out of the maximum 84! That is 100% of the game! Well done - you scored maximum points! [Press any key to end] You hear the chiming of the grandfather clock.
  scarier  You move down. Eggbert has transformed this basement into a laboratory, full of weird potions and strange diagrams. It is the testament to an obsessed mind. The place is littered with sketches of the human body, some drawn horribly mangled yet still alive... A rung ladder leads back to the kitchen. The flask that once held Eggbert's prized potion is now empty. You pray he doesn't notice for a while. Also here is bottle of whisky. Eggbert is here. You can only move up. Horace lurches in from above. You hear the chiming of the grandfather clock.You drop down into the laboratory, Horace following you. Eggbert freezes, then drops the test tube he was carrying. Uncle Horace fixes Eggbert with a blank gaze, then lurches toward him, hands outstretched. Eggbert shrinks back into the wall and tries feebly to defend himself, but is powerless to stop the zombie from tearing out his eyes, before ripping open the top of his head and feasting on the brain inside. Horace's movements knock over a bunsen burner, which then sets fire to the various spilled chemicals on the floor. As you leap out into the kitchen and head for the door, one thing is certain in your mind - Eggbert got more than he bargained for when he asked for eternal life... You run through the garden as the house begins to burn. The full moon casts its eye over your fleeing body... and the wolves chasing it. Frantically you grab a branch and, using it as a club, hit the nearest one with all your strength. Surprisingly it yelps and falls to the ground, and you feel almost sorry for it as you realise you have knocked out two of its teeth. But you have no time for pity. The pack are almost upon you as you reach your car and fire the engine. It starts first time - you cheer - and soon you have left the snarling creatures far behind. You decide to head for the nearest village, and find somewhere to stay. Your route takes you once more past the House of the Damned - and, as the flames lick the roof, you think you hear screams coming from the attic - the frantic shrieks of The Oracle, locked in his prison to burn alive. The next day. You are in a pub, still shaken from the experience, and have just finished recounting it to the barman. "What a load of crap," he expectorates, finally, and turns around to serve the next customer. You shrug - well, you didn't expect anyone to believe you. And you certainly can't blame the barman for being surly - he has a fresh, purple bruise covering his left cheek, and a couple of his teeth are missing... THE END! Checklist - Did you: * Sit on the toilet? * Kiss Eggbert? * Kiss Horace? * Eat everything on the vegetable patch? * Drink toilet water? * Drink a whole bottle of whisky in one go? * Get eaten by the wolves? * Get bitten by the piranha? * Have to start again because you were too slow when Eggbert went off to check out the clock? * Get attacked by the plant? * Get ripped to bits by Horace? * Talk to the Oracle? About everything? * Really annoy Eggbert? * Kill yourself? With poison and weedkiller? * Kill Eggbert with the hammer? * Look at the bookshelves in the library? * Find what was in the umbrella stand? * Take off all your clothes? Your shoes, trousers, shirt, tie and underpants? * Swear and be reprimanded by Campbell Wild? NO? Better try again then... You scored 84 out of the maximum 84! That is 100% of the game! Well done - you scored maximum points! [Press any key to end]

(the openings differ too -- banner, graphics notice or the
 Runner's own startup lines; usually not an engine difference)
