feed        191 commands
runner      191 turns echoed
scarier     192 turns, feed[0] is scarier turn 0

RULE 2 -- every feed command was echoed.

turn 11  x washing machine
  run400   Despite the unfortunate stains which mar the front of the washing machine it still functions with perfect efficiency. To a degree anyway. Anything you put into the washing machine has about a 50/50 chance of coming out in one piece, although there's only a 10% of that one piece being anything vaguely the same as it was when it went in. A couple of buttons above the circular door start and stop the machine but which one is which you can't seem to remember right now. A small hoover is on the washing machine, and inside is your jeans.
  scarier  Despite the unfortunate stains which mar the front of the washing machine it still functions with perfect efficiency. To a degree anyway. Anything you put into the washing machine has about a 50/50 chance of coming out in one piece, although there's only a 10% of that one piece being anything vaguely the same as it was when it went in. A couple of buttons above the circular door start and stop the machine but which one is which you can't seem to remember right now. A small hoover is on the washing machine, and inside are your jeans.

turn 25  9
  run400   A windswept slab of concrete is how you always picture Torrin Plaza, the true heart of the city. Here are where the powers that be meet in the House of Bosses to decide what is done and what isn't; what laws are passed and what aren't; who is arrested and who isn't. Torrin Plaza is also the home of the police who enforce the law with an iron fist (when they're not busy taking bribes and make life hard for overworked and underpaid super heroes, that is, that is, that is). Here is where fortunes are made and lost in a matter of minutes and where people rise from the gutters to the heights of power in a similar time frame. Torrin Plaza: The Heart Of The City Large buildings tower into the sky around the perimeter of Torrin Plaza, widely regarded as the true heart of the city. Uniformed policemen patrol in groups here, weapons close to hand, while overhead fly several copters. A wide, tree-lined avenue crosses the Plaza from one side to the other, bisected at the midway part by a tree-less avenue. The two halves when viewed from above are supposed to reveal a symbol showing the true meaning of the city's heritage but rumours have it that it actually looks like a couple of avenues crisscrossed with each other. You can progress across the Plaza northwest to the offices of the City Rag, southwest to the Police Station, southeast to the House of Bosses, northeast to the City Jail, while a little road to the east leads back to your apartment.
  scarier  A windswept slab of concrete is how you always picture Torrin Plaza, the true heart of the city. Here are where the powers that be meet in the House of Bosses to decide what is done and what isn't; what laws are passed and what aren't; who is arrested and who isn't. Torrin Plaza is also the home of the police who enforce the law with an iron fist (when they're not busy taking bribes and make life hard for overworked and underpaid super heroes, that is). Here is where fortunes are made and lost in a matter of minutes and where people rise from the gutters to the heights of power in a similar time frame. Torrin Plaza: The Heart Of The City Large buildings tower into the sky around the perimeter of Torrin Plaza, widely regarded as the true heart of the city. Uniformed policemen patrol in groups here, weapons close to hand, while overhead fly several copters. A wide, tree-lined avenue crosses the Plaza from one side to the other, bisected at the midway part by a tree-less avenue. The two halves when viewed from above are supposed to reveal a symbol showing the true meaning of the city's heritage but rumours have it that it actually looks like a couple of avenues crisscrossed with each other. You can progress across the Plaza northwest to the offices of the City Rag, southwest to the Police Station, southeast to the House of Bosses, northeast to the City Jail, while a little road to the east leads back to your apartment.

turn 135  9
  run400   A windswept slab of concrete is how you always picture Torrin Plaza, the true heart of the city. Here are where the powers that be meet in the House of Bosses to decide what is done and what isn't; what laws are passed and what aren't; who is arrested and who isn't. Torrin Plaza is also the home of the police who enforce the law with an iron fist (when they're not busy taking bribes and make life hard for overworked and underpaid super heroes, that is, that is, that is). Here is where fortunes are made and lost in a matter of minutes and where people rise from the gutters to the heights of power in a similar time frame. Torrin Plaza: The Heart Of The City Large buildings tower into the sky around the perimeter of Torrin Plaza, widely regarded as the true heart of the city. Uniformed policemen patrol in groups here, weapons close to hand, while overhead fly several copters. A wide, tree-lined avenue crosses the Plaza from one side to the other, bisected at the midway part by a tree-less avenue. The two halves when viewed from above are supposed to reveal a symbol showing the true meaning of the city's heritage but rumours have it that it actually looks like a couple of avenues crisscrossed with each other. You can progress across the Plaza northwest to the offices of the City Rag, southwest to the Police Station, southeast to the House of Bosses, northeast to the City Jail, while a little road to the east leads back to your apartment.
  scarier  A windswept slab of concrete is how you always picture Torrin Plaza, the true heart of the city. Here are where the powers that be meet in the House of Bosses to decide what is done and what isn't; what laws are passed and what aren't; who is arrested and who isn't. Torrin Plaza is also the home of the police who enforce the law with an iron fist (when they're not busy taking bribes and make life hard for overworked and underpaid super heroes, that is). Here is where fortunes are made and lost in a matter of minutes and where people rise from the gutters to the heights of power in a similar time frame. Torrin Plaza: The Heart Of The City Large buildings tower into the sky around the perimeter of Torrin Plaza, widely regarded as the true heart of the city. Uniformed policemen patrol in groups here, weapons close to hand, while overhead fly several copters. A wide, tree-lined avenue crosses the Plaza from one side to the other, bisected at the midway part by a tree-less avenue. The two halves when viewed from above are supposed to reveal a symbol showing the true meaning of the city's heritage but rumours have it that it actually looks like a couple of avenues crisscrossed with each other. You can progress across the Plaza northwest to the offices of the City Rag, southwest to the Police Station, southeast to the House of Bosses, northeast to the City Jail, while a little road to the east leads back to your apartment.

turn 190  statusline -- streams re-synchronised, scarier turn -1

(the openings differ too -- banner, graphics notice or the
 Runner's own startup lines; usually not an engine difference)
