feed        197 commands
runner      197 turns echoed
scarier     197 turns, feed[0] is scarier turn 0

RULE 2 -- every feed command was echoed.

turn 25  d
  run400   You move down. Entrance Hall Shadows and shapes loom in the darkness. You can move north, east, south, west and up.
  scarier  You move down. Entrance Hall You are surrounded by the dark. You can move north, east, south, west and up.

turn 38  u
  run400   You move up. Landing A fine, deep red carpet covers the floor in luxury. Warm barley paint flakes off the walls. An impressive staircase glides down. Also here is a bottle of poison and a table. You can move north, east, west and down. Zombie stumbles towards you from the north. The zombie has spotted you and attacks! He thumps you with his clenched fists, causing you much pain. You hear a strange, spine chilling groan.
  scarier  You move up. Landing A fine, deep red carpet covers the floor in luxury. Warm barley paint flakes off the walls. An impressive staircase glides down. Also here is a bottle of poison and a table. You can move north, east, west and down. Zombie stumbles towards you from the north. You hear a strange, spine chilling groan.

turn 134  u
  run400   You move up. Landing A fine, deep red carpet covers the floor in luxury. Warm barley paint flakes off the walls. An impressive staircase glides down. Also here is a table. The molotov cocktail is alight and burning. You can move north, east, west and down. Zombie stumbles towards you from the north. You hear a strange, spine chilling groan.
  scarier  You move up. Landing A fine, deep red carpet covers the floor in luxury. Warm barley paint flakes off the walls. An impressive staircase glides down. Also here is a table. The molotov cocktail is alight and burning. You can move north, east, west and down. Zombie stumbles towards you from the north. The zombie has spotted you and attacks! He thumps you with his clenched fists, causing you much pain. You hear a strange, spine chilling groan.

turn 142  n
  run400   You move north. Conservatory Walls of glass paneling set in green painted wooden frames look out unto the stormy night. Plants of all kinds grow in pots and hanging baskets and the temperature is rather hot. Also here is a plunger. A plant monster grows here. You can move north and south. Zombie stumbles towards you from the south.
  scarier  You move north. Conservatory Walls of glass paneling set in green painted wooden frames look out unto the stormy night. Plants of all kinds grow in pots and hanging baskets and the temperature is rather hot. Also here is a plunger. A plant monster grows here. You can move north and south. Zombie stumbles towards you from the south. The zombie has spotted you and attacks! He thumps you with his clenched fists, causing you much pain.

turn 196  wait -- the Runner appended [Press any key to end], which is the host's own keypress prompt (ALR-rewritten in some games), not game text.  The turn is identical either side of it.

1 turn(s) differed only by the Runner's trailing keypress prompt.

(the openings differ too -- banner, graphics notice or the
 Runner's own startup lines; usually not an engine difference)
