feed        285 commands
runner      285 turns echoed
scarier     285 turns, feed[0] is scarier turn 0

RULE 2 -- every feed command was echoed.

turn 1  e
  run400   
  scarier  You move east. Bellview Road - numbers 3 and 4 To the north lies No. 3 and to the south lies No. 4. Nothing much seems to be going on around here.

turn 2  e
  run400   
  scarier  You move east. Bellview Road - numbers 5 and 6 Something casts a shadow over this part of the road. You glance up and notice that nothing is blocking the sunlight. It's just slightly....darker here. No. 5. lies to the north and No. 6. lies to the south.

turn 3  e
  run400   
  scarier  You move east. Bellview Road - numbers 7 and 8 A large tree stands here. To the north lies No. 7 and to the south lies No. 8.

turn 4  e
  run400   
  scarier  You move east. Bellview Road - numbers 9 and 10 Bellview Road ends here and becomes Haughton street to the east. To the North lies No .9. while to the south lies No. 10. Cathy's house.

turn 20  w
  run400   
  scarier  You move west. Bellview Road - numbers 7 and 8 The pavement is ragged and broken where a tree used to stand. Its almost as if it heaved up its roots and walked away. You wonder where it is now. It was a very large tree. To the north something seems to be sliding over the walls of No. 7. and to the south is....darkness.

turn 21  w
  run400   
  scarier  You move west. Bellview Road - numbers 5 and 6 There is madness in the sky. No. 5. lies to the north and No. 6. lies to the south.

turn 34  open lounge door
  run400   As you reach out towards the door it slowly creaks open of its own accord. Cathy lets go of your arm and wanders off towards the Dining room. You hear her voice echoing through the house saying, "Cold...so cold.....". Soon she stops talking altogether.
  scarier  As you reach out towards the door it slowly creaks open of its own accord. You begin to realise how cold it is here. Everything is covered in a layer of frost. Cathy lets go of your arm and wanders off towards the Dining room. You hear her voice echoing through the house saying, "Cold...so cold.....". Soon she stops talking altogether.

turn 35  w
  run400   
  scarier  You move west. Dining room This room is dominated by a huge fireplace. A large window is set in the south wall with thick shutters on either side. To the north is the kitchen door. High up on one wall you notice a dent in the plaster. A suit of armour stands in one corner. Someone has removed an old thredbare rug from its place on the floor, rolled it up and placed it to one side. You can also see a dining room table and a wooden trapdoor. Cathy seems to have gone catatonic.

turn 36  look
  run400   Dining room This room is dominated by a huge fireplace. A large window is set in the south wall with thick shutters on either side. To the north is the kitchen door. High up on one wall you notice a dent in the plaster. A suit of armour stands in one corner. Someone has removed an old thredbare rug from its place on the floor, rolled it up and placed it to one side. You can also see a dining room table and a wooden trapdoor. Cathy seems to have gone catatonic.
  scarier  Dining room This room is dominated by a huge fireplace. A large window is set in the south wall with thick shutters on either side. To the north is the kitchen door. High up on one wall you notice a dent in the plaster. A suit of armour stands in one corner. Someone has removed an old thredbare rug from its place on the floor, rolled it up and placed it to one side. You can also see a dining room table and a wooden trapdoor. Cathy seems to have gone catatonic. Your breath becomes fog as the warmth slowly leaches from your body.

turn 37  i
  run400   You are carrying a note and a diary. You begin to realise how cold it is here. Everything is covered in a layer of frost.
  scarier  You are carrying a note and a diary.

... stopping after 10 differing turns
(the openings differ too -- banner, graphics notice or the
 Runner's own startup lines; usually not an engine difference)
