feed        112 commands
runner      112 turns echoed
scarier     112 turns, feed[0] is scarier turn 0

RULE 2 -- every feed command was echoed.

turn 70  x lower right cupboard
  run400   Which right cupboard. The right lower cupboard or the right upper cupboard?
  scarier  There are some stainless-steel, copper-bottom pots and pans in here, including the saucepan I normally use to make baked beans or soup. The right lower cupboard is closed.

turn 71  open lower right cupboard
  run400   I don't want to open that right now.
  scarier  I open the right lower cupboard. A saucepan is inside the right lower cupboard.

turn 72  take saucepan
  run400   Take what?
  scarier  I take the saucepan from the right lower cupboard.

turn 73  x upper right cupboard
  run400   Which right cupboard. The right lower cupboard or the right upper cupboard?
  scarier  There are cans, bottles and packets of food in here. Maybe I can eat bit a of food now. The right upper cupboard is closed.

turn 74  open upper right cupboard
  run400   I don't want to open that right now.
  scarier  I open the right upper cupboard. A tin can of Baxter's is inside the right upper cupboard.

turn 75  take tin can
  run400   Take what?
  scarier  I take the tin can of Baxter's from the right upper cupboard.

turn 78  open tin can with can opener
  run400   I don't have the can.
  scarier  I put the can opener on the minestrone soup can, and turn the lever. A lovely smell of tomato and garlic wafts out.

turn 79  put soup in pan
  run400   I'm not holding the can.
  scarier  The soup slides easy out of the can and into the saucepan. I throw the can into the bin.

turn 81  put saucepan on hob
  run400   I need to be holding the saucepan.
  scarier  I put the saucepan, with the soup in it, on the hob. From past experience I know how easily it burns on this hob - I'll have to move it once its done, to another part of the hob. The soup starts boiling.

turn 82  x hob
  run400   The hob is ceramic, flush with the countertops. I've been admonished many times not to drop things on it, or scratch it. I can turn it on by touching the panel at the side.
  scarier  The hob is ceramic, flush with the countertops. I've been admonished many times not to drop things on it, or scratch it. I can turn it on by touching the panel at the side. A saucepan is on the hob.

... stopping after 10 differing turns
(the openings differ too -- banner, graphics notice or the
 Runner's own startup lines; usually not an engine difference)
