feed        1060 commands
runner      594 turns echoed
scarier     1060 turns, feed[0] is scarier turn 0

RULE 2 -- 466 command(s) the Runner never echoed.  Everything
after the first of them is out of step and is NOT an engine
difference until the feed is fixed and the row re-driven:
    feed[449]  N
    feed[595]  Turn on torch
    feed[596]  E
    feed[597]  E
    feed[598]  S
    feed[599]  S
    feed[600]  E
    feed[601]  S
    feed[602]  Turn off torch
    feed[603]  Read sign
    feed[604]  Look
    feed[605]  Look
    feed[606]  Look
    feed[607]  Look
    feed[608]  Look
    feed[609]  Look
    feed[610]  Look
    feed[611]  Look
    feed[612]  Look
    feed[613]  Look
    ... and 446 more

turn 448  N
  run400   I carefully make my way over the ice; past the Viking longboat and to the mainland. Beside the Lake I am standing in the grounds, beside a large lake. Most of the lake has been iced over in this freezing weather. A huge Viking longboat has been caught in the ice's grasp, its wooden bows creaking under the pressure. Beyond the longboat there is a small island. Exits are north and south. > NN I don't know how to "nn".
  scarier  I carefully make my way over the ice; past the Viking longboat and to the mainland. Beside the Lake I am standing in the grounds, beside a large lake. Most of the lake has been iced over in this freezing weather. A huge Viking longboat has been caught in the ice's grasp, its wooden bows creaking under the pressure. Beyond the longboat there is a small island. Exits are north and south.

turn 450  W  (past the first lost command)
  run400   I can't go in that direction, but I can move north and south.
  scarier  Driveway I am standing on the drive leading to Attervist manor. It is a miserable looking building. The snow does its best to cover up the harsh jagged edges and high pointed turrets. To my north lie the cold stone steps leading up to the manor's entrance. Exits are north, east, south and west.

turn 451  N -- streams re-synchronised, scarier turn -2

turn 452  N  (past the first lost command)
  run400   Wishing Well I am standing next to the high bramble hedge by an old well. Just this side of the hedge there is a wide perspex tube rising about eight foot into the air. The tube seems to continue deep down into the ground. That certainly wasn't here last time I visited Grandad. A side wall of the manor is to my west. A high wire fence blocks my way north. Through the fence I can see a small dirt yard. Exits are south and down.
  scarier  Driveway I am standing on the drive leading to Attervist manor. It is a miserable looking building. The snow does its best to cover up the harsh jagged edges and high pointed turrets. To my north lie the cold stone steps leading up to the manor's entrance. Exits are north, east, south and west.

turn 453  Remove cap -- streams re-synchronised, scarier turn +2

turn 454  Drop all  (past the first lost command)
  run400   Okay. I have dropped the swimming cap, the jigsaw, the fish, the filofax, the mug, the sugar lump, the bag of porridge, the sandwich and the ticket.
  scarier  Okay. I have dropped the swimming cap, the jigsaw, the fish, the filofax, the mug, the sugar lump, the bag of porridge, the sandwich and the ticket. Schrodinger wanders towards me from the west.

turn 455  Get sandwich  (past the first lost command)
  run400   Okay. I have taken the sandwich.
  scarier  Okay. I have taken the sandwich. Schrodinger wanders to the north.

turn 456  Look  (past the first lost command)
  run400   Wishing Well I am standing next to the high bramble hedge by an old well. Just this side of the hedge there is a wide perspex tube rising about eight foot into the air. The tube seems to continue deep down into the ground. That certainly wasn't here last time I visited Grandad. A side wall of the manor is to my west. A high wire fence blocks my way north. Through the fence I can see a small dirt yard. Also here is a swimming cap, a jigsaw, a fish, a filofax, a mug, a sugar lump, a bag of porridge and a ticket. Exits are south and down.
  scarier  Hallway I am in the entrance hallway of the building. A rickety stairway leads upwards into the gloom. I can't say it looks particularly safe. A large persian rug lies in a large circle before me. The front door is to my south. Also here is a satchel, a shovel, an envelope, a torch, a scarf, some gloves, a claw, a swimming cap, a jigsaw, an emerald, a ruby, a hat, a mousse, a kettle, a golden casket, a fish, a pot, a bone, a filofax, a mug, a sugar lump, a bag of porridge and a ticket. Exits are north, east, south, west and up.

turn 457  Look  (past the first lost command)
  run400   Wishing Well I am standing next to the high bramble hedge by an old well. Just this side of the hedge there is a wide perspex tube rising about eight foot into the air. The tube seems to continue deep down into the ground. That certainly wasn't here last time I visited Grandad. A side wall of the manor is to my west. A high wire fence blocks my way north. Through the fence I can see a small dirt yard. Also here is a swimming cap, a jigsaw, a fish, a filofax, a mug, a sugar lump, a bag of porridge and a ticket. Exits are south and down.
  scarier  Hallway I am in the entrance hallway of the building. A rickety stairway leads upwards into the gloom. I can't say it looks particularly safe. A large persian rug lies in a large circle before me. The front door is to my south. Also here is a satchel, a shovel, an envelope, a torch, a scarf, some gloves, a claw, a swimming cap, a jigsaw, an emerald, a ruby, a hat, a mousse, a kettle, a golden casket, a fish, a pot, a bone, a filofax, a mug, a sugar lump, a bag of porridge and a ticket. Exits are north, east, south, west and up. Schrodinger wanders towards me from the north.

turn 458  W  (past the first lost command)
  run400   I can't go in that direction, but I can move south and down.
  scarier  Dining Room I am in the dining room. There is a long wooden table in the centre of the room, with the remains of an unfinished meal. Grandad must have forgotten to clear up last night. A small archway leads northwards, whist another doorway to my east heads back to the hall. Exits are north and east. Schrodinger wanders towards me from the east.

turn 459  N  (past the first lost command)
  run400   I can't go in that direction, but I can move south and down.
  scarier  Kitchen I am in a long rectangular room with a heavy wooden table. The walls are covered with pans, dishes and china plates. There is a shallow doorway to my west labelled "Pantry", whist an open archway leads southwards back into the dining room. A kennel sits in one corner of the kitchen. There is a door to my east. Exits are east, south and west. Schrodinger wanders towards me from the south. The dog sees the cat but does nothing, preferring to gnaw on its bone instead. From inside the kennel there is a contented gnawing.

turn 460  W  (past the first lost command)
  run400   I can't go in that direction, but I can move south and down.
  scarier  There is a movement from behind one of the taller mounds of marzipan and a shark totters around on his hind fins. The shark smiles benignly at me, "Hello my little precious." The shark paternally pats me on the head with a damp flipper, and flamboyantly places a small caddy on one of the pantry shelves. The shark smiles at me again, and waggles his eyebrows in anticipation of my response. Pantry I am in the pantry. It is a small, dark room - the only source of light being a barred oval window built close to the ceiling in the west wall. A definite niff of seaweed wafts around the shelves. Small mountains of marzipan and icing sugar are liberally scattered across the damp stone floor. Also here is a caddy. A shark is leaning against one of the mounds of marzipan. He gives me a knowing wink. I can only move east. Schrodinger wanders towards me from the east.

... stopping after 10 differing turns
(the openings differ too -- banner, graphics notice or the
 Runner's own startup lines; usually not an engine difference)
