feed        15 commands
runner      15 turns echoed
scarier     15 turns, feed[0] is scarier turn 0

RULE 2 -- every feed command was echoed.

turn 0  let go -- WHITESPACE ONLY (a separator one side has and the other has not).  The .txt transcript drops alignment-only breaks; re-check with fast.sh DUMP_SCROLLBACK before calling it an engine bug.
  run400   You let go... of everything. The images, the memories, that niggling indigo haze at the edge of the darkness. You let it all go. Completely and whole heartedly. ...and it would seem that in your letting go, the indigo light finally responds. It blossoms. It grows to fill your vision, the whole of it...Floating in the blue, the indigo, the indigo blue. Finally some sense of stability, some serenity. The frenetic pace of the swirling thoughts has diminished. Indeed - now that they've ceased their whirling, now that you can examine them, you know them to be memories from the life you've lived. Unconsciousness You are ensconced in the soothing indigo light. In the light, you can see the tiny stuffed rabbit, the child-sized desk, your Homecoming outfit, Sam's incredible smile, the set of favorite over-sized headphones, a hardcover book and the vista from back home. In Memory by Jacqueline A. Lott - May 2011 Released as part of the Indigo New Language Speed IF For more information, type >ABOUT Yes, this. This is what you were really wanting, to be wrapped in the soothing embrace of the indigo light. To let it flow over you, and into you, and through you, and to show you how your struggles and desires have brought you to where you are now.
  scarier  You let go... of everything. The images, the memories, that niggling indigo haze at the edge of the darkness. You let it all go. Completely and whole heartedly. ...and it would seem that in your letting go, the indigo light finally responds. It blossoms. It grows to fill your vision, the whole of it... Floating in the blue, the indigo, the indigo blue. Finally some sense of stability, some serenity. The frenetic pace of the swirling thoughts has diminished. Indeed - now that they've ceased their whirling, now that you can examine them, you know them to be memories from the life you've lived. Unconsciousness You are ensconced in the soothing indigo light. In the light, you can see the tiny stuffed rabbit, the child-sized desk, your Homecoming outfit, Sam's incredible smile, the set of favorite over-sized headphones, a hardcover book and the vista from back home. In Memory by Jacqueline A. Lott - May 2011 Released as part of the Indigo New Language Speed IF For more information, type >ABOUT Yes, this. This is what you were really wanting, to be wrapped in the soothing embrace of the indigo light. To let it flow over you, and into you, and through you, and to show you how your struggles and desires have brought you to where you are now.

turn 14  mountains
  run400   The hills, the piedmont, the mountains beyond: successive waves of land rolling off toward the horizon, each valley holding its secrets, each peak possessing its own unique vantage point. Why did you ever feel you couldn't explore endlessly right here at home? The landscape fades, taking the memory with it... Unconsciousness You are ensconced in the soothing indigo light. And there are no more images, no more thoughts... ...but there's that gentle beeping sound again. And voices.Sam? It... can't be. But it sure sounds like -- "All those years we've spent apart, Chris." Chris? Damn. Surely not Chris from school... "I loved Alex the whole time, every minute, but never picked up the goddamn phone. I wonder what I missed, y'know? And now... now it's kind of looking like Alex isn't going to wake up. No chance for a reunion... and no chance for me to say I'm sorry." "Now wait. First off, we don't know that Alex isn't going to wake up. Second, you can't blame yourself, Sam. I think deep down you both still loved each other for a really long time. I mean, not that I know much -- Alex and I drifted apart as well -- but we did go out for a beer after the twenty-five year reunion, and Alex mentioned you that night. Circumstance is a bitch sometimes, y'know? I don't think the two of you had much control over what happened." Damn, please, why can't I wake up? Why can't I tell them that I'm here? And that beeping... I guess it's the heart monitor, so I'm glad it's making that sound, but god it's also kind of annoying because I want to hear their voices and they're speaking so softly now. "Alex mentioned me? After all those year?" I can hear Chris laugh a little bit. Not in a harsh way, just a small, under-the-breath laugh. "Yeah. Specifically, I recall Alex reminiscing about your face. Getting lost in your eyes and feeling the warmth of your smile and -- and it was pretty sappy like that for quite a few minutes, as I recall. I think it was all Alex could do that night to not tear up, even though you two had been apart a really long time." Now it's Sam's gentle laugh. A little worn, like some of the spark is gone, but I guess after all these years we've all lost a little of our spark. "I have honestly missed Alex. You hear that, Alex? We shouldn't talk over you like you're not here, because you are. I've missed you, and I'm sorry, and --" -- and that's the last thing I heard: Sam's voice. Because the steady beep, beep, beep had ceased to beep. [Press any key to end]
  scarier  The hills, the piedmont, the mountains beyond: successive waves of land rolling off toward the horizon, each valley holding its secrets, each peak possessing its own unique vantage point. Why did you ever feel you couldn't explore endlessly right here at home? The landscape fades, taking the memory with it... Unconsciousness You are ensconced in the soothing indigo light. And there are no more images, no more thoughts... ...but there's that gentle beeping sound again. And voices. Sam? It... can't be. But it sure sounds like -- "All those years we've spent apart, Chris." Chris? Damn. Surely not Chris from school... "I loved Alex the whole time, every minute, but never picked up the goddamn phone. I wonder what I missed, y'know? And now... now it's kind of looking like Alex isn't going to wake up. No chance for a reunion... and no chance for me to say I'm sorry." "Now wait. First off, we don't know that Alex isn't going to wake up. Second, you can't blame yourself, Sam. I think deep down you both still loved each other for a really long time. I mean, not that I know much -- Alex and I drifted apart as well -- but we did go out for a beer after the twenty-five year reunion, and Alex mentioned you that night. Circumstance is a bitch sometimes, y'know? I don't think the two of you had much control over what happened." Damn, please, why can't I wake up? Why can't I tell them that I'm here? And that beeping... I guess it's the heart monitor, so I'm glad it's making that sound, but god it's also kind of annoying because I want to hear their voices and they're speaking so softly now. "Alex mentioned me? After all those year?" I can hear Chris laugh a little bit. Not in a harsh way, just a small, under-the-breath laugh. "Yeah. Specifically, I recall Alex reminiscing about your face. Getting lost in your eyes and feeling the warmth of your smile and -- and it was pretty sappy like that for quite a few minutes, as I recall. I think it was all Alex could do that night to not tear up, even though you two had been apart a really long time." Now it's Sam's gentle laugh. A little worn, like some of the spark is gone, but I guess after all these years we've all lost a little of our spark. "I have honestly missed Alex. You hear that, Alex? We shouldn't talk over you like you're not here, because you are. I've missed you, and I'm sorry, and --" -- and that's the last thing I heard: Sam's voice. Because the steady beep, beep, beep had ceased to beep.

1 turn(s) differed by whitespace only -- see the note above.

(the openings differ too -- banner, graphics notice or the
 Runner's own startup lines; usually not an engine difference)
