feed        180 commands
runner      172 turns echoed
scarier     180 turns, feed[0] is scarier turn 0

RULE 2 -- every feed command was echoed.

turn 41  down
  run400   Irvine moves out the exit and down the ship's gangplank. SPACEPORT, TRAGLEA Amidst a high, transparent dome covering miles, and surrounded inside and out by rain forest splendor, attendants see to the needs of gleaming spaceships parked in rows. A simple path through the trees leads east to the Traglean capital, Ki'parandazar. The Sagittarian rests neatly between two other ships of its class. A gangplank leads up into the hull of the ship. CHAPTER THREE: A MOUSE ON CAT PLANET! > NOTE TO CADETS: Your input required. For available inputs, type verb. Then press enter. The designated greeter for the ship is a Traglean ambassador named Smitty the Cat. Like the Captain, he looks like a person with a cat's head, but wearing a decorated blue suit with a red sash. Also, Smitty has the head of a Russian Blue cat. He announces himself thusly: "I am Shmitty, emisshary of Fat Cat Rrasharshan. I will be oversheeing your ship'sh treatment of our beloved fish, and thush requesht accessh to your ship'sh laboratory." Irvine shrugs. "Sure, whatever. The ship's lab is in the basement, on the starboard side." "Yesh... thank you." Smitty the Cat boards the I.S.C. Sagittarian. Irvine steps off the gangplank the wrong way and falls to the forest floor. "Oof!" [press almost any key to continue]
  scarier  Irvine moves out the exit and down the ship's gangplank. SPACEPORT, TRAGLEA Amidst a high, transparent dome covering miles, and surrounded inside and out by rain forest splendor, attendants see to the needs of gleaming spaceships parked in rows. A simple path through the trees leads east to the Traglean capital, Ki'parandazar. The Sagittarian rests neatly between two other ships of its class. A gangplank leads up into the hull of the ship. CHAPTER THREE: A MOUSE ON CAT PLANET! The designated greeter for the ship is a Traglean ambassador named Smitty the Cat. Like the Captain, he looks like a person with a cat's head, but wearing a decorated blue suit with a red sash. Also, Smitty has the head of a Russian Blue cat. He announces himself thusly: "I am Shmitty, emisshary of Fat Cat Rrasharshan. I will be oversheeing your ship'sh treatment of our beloved fish, and thush requesht accessh to your ship'sh laboratory." Irvine shrugs. "Sure, whatever. The ship's lab is in the basement, on the starboard side." "Yesh... thank you." Smitty the Cat boards the I.S.C. Sagittarian. Irvine steps off the gangplank the wrong way and falls to the forest floor. "Oof!" [press almost any key to continue] The Captain steps out and greets a small party of explorers armed with super-heavy ray rifles. Gatts explains to all present (like heroes do) that he is leaving on an exploration mission with the esteemed Fat Cat's personal guard. Scrambling up from his undignified position, Irvine is about to bound off with them when one of the men extends his paw and says, "No mice allowed on this trip." Before tromping off into the jungle, Captain Gatts turns to Irvine. "Don't worry about what they say, cadet. Just find a way to make yourself useful." [press almost any key to continue] SPACEPORT, TRAGLEA Amidst a high, transparent dome covering miles, and surrounded inside and out by rain forest splendor, attendants see to the needs of gleaming spaceships parked in rows. A simple path through the trees leads east to the Traglean capital, Ki'parandazar. The Sagittarian rests neatly between two other ships of its class. A gangplank leads up into the hull of the ship. Some mechanics rush over to check in the spaceship, then leave Nika to her work. HiRBy hovers over from inside.

turn 42  e
  run400   Irvine goes east. JUNGLE GROVE A circle of tall, broad-leafed trees grows here, surrounded by ridiculously dense foliage, and a few other, shorter trees. A monkey chitters and romps in the trees above. The path continues to the north and west, and dips slightly to the south, from whence comes the trickling of a small brook. The gate to Ki'parandazar looms to the east. HiRBy hovers over from the west. Uh oh... Irvine's foot catches on an exposed root-- his arms windmill briefly-- and he falls on his face. Some fuzzy, little monkey leaps down from the trees and starts tugging at Irvine's backpack. "Gah...! H-Hey!" Irvine protests, but it snatches his pack off his back, and retreats back up a tree before he can properly protest. Smitten with its new interest, the monkey throws its fruit to the ground. The space cadet stands up wearily, fixing his glasses and brushing off dirt. "Come down here, monkey! I need that!" The monkey chitters laughingly, pawing at its newfound thingy. Irvine sighs. "Oh... drezz." The Captain steps out and greets a small party of explorers armed with super-heavy ray rifles. Gatts explains to all present (like heroes do) that he is leaving on an exploration mission with the esteemed Fat Cat's personal guard. Scrambling up from his undignified position, Irvine is about to bound off with them when one of the men extends his paw and says, "No mice allowed on this trip." Before tromping off into the jungle, Captain Gatts turns to Irvine. "Don't worry about what they say, cadet. Just find a way to make yourself useful." [press almost any key to continue] SPACEPORT, TRAGLEA Amidst a high, transparent dome covering miles, and surrounded inside and out by rain forest splendor, attendants see to the needs of gleaming spaceships parked in rows. A simple path through the trees leads east to the Traglean capital, Ki'parandazar. The Sagittarian rests neatly between two other ships of its class. A gangplank leads up into the hull of the ship. Some mechanics rush over to check in the spaceship, then leave Nika to her work. HiRBy hovers over from inside.
  scarier  Irvine goes east. JUNGLE GROVE A circle of tall, broad-leafed trees grows here, surrounded by ridiculously dense foliage, and a few other, shorter trees. A monkey chitters and romps in the trees above. The path continues to the north and west, and dips slightly to the south, from whence comes the trickling of a small brook. The gate to Ki'parandazar looms to the east. HiRBy hovers over from the west. Uh oh... Irvine's foot catches on an exposed root-- his arms windmill briefly-- and he falls on his face. Some fuzzy, little monkey leaps down from the trees and starts tugging at Irvine's backpack. "Gah...! H-Hey!" Irvine protests, but it snatches his pack off his back, and retreats back up a tree before he can properly protest. Smitten with its new interest, the monkey throws its fruit to the ground. The space cadet stands up wearily, fixing his glasses and brushing off dirt. "Come down here, monkey! I need that!" The monkey chitters laughingly, pawing at its newfound thingy. Irvine sighs. "Oh... drezz."

turn 179  o -- the Runner appended [Press any key to end], which is the host's own keypress prompt (ALR-rewritten in some games), not game text.  The turn is identical either side of it.

1 turn(s) differed only by the Runner's trailing keypress prompt.

(the openings differ too -- banner, graphics notice or the
 Runner's own startup lines; usually not an engine difference)
