feed        67 commands
runner      64 turns echoed
scarier     66 turns, feed[0] is scarier turn 0

RULE 2 -- 3 command(s) the Runner never echoed.  Everything
after the first of them is out of step and is NOT an engine
difference until the feed is fixed and the row re-driven:
    feed[63]  s
    feed[64]  score
    feed[65]  use needle on eric

turn 2  open stall -- WHITESPACE ONLY (a separator one side has and the other has not).  The .txt transcript drops alignment-only breaks; re-check with fast.sh DUMP_SCROLLBACK before calling it an engine bug.
  run400   I held my breath from the horrible stench, and pushed open the stall door. There was a loud creaking noise as it slowly swinged open. I entered the cramped stall and let out a loud scream. Sitting on the toilet, was the body of Max Thurman, his lifeless eyes staring straight at me, and his cold hands frozen in fear against the knife jutting out of his head. I backed out of the stall, a sense of fear and dread blocking all of my senses. I could hear the sounds of footsteps, as people came to find out the cause of the scream. Barry Tompkins, the head security guard of the building, was the first one to enter, and he let out a loud moan as he saw the body of Max in the stall. He grabbed me by the arm and pulled me out into the hallway, convinced I was the one that killed Max. He pulled me into the Plaza, where the rest of the guests watched with perplexed looks on their faces. "Everyone, I have some bad news. Max Thurman is dead," Barry bellowed out to the guests, a sense of sadness could be detected in his tone. The guests stood stunned as Barry explained what happened. I stood there, watching their faces, knowing already that one of them had just brutally murdered a fellow human being. "One of us just killed our boss. I don't know why, and I don't care why. I just want to make sure that person will be brought to justice. That is why I am sealing off the elevator," Barry continued to shout to the crowd. There were loud groans and shocked sighs as the guests began to beg for their freedom. "No one is leaving. I am going to call the police, and they're going to come here and find out who did this. I've already blocked off the use of all elevators with my security pass, so it's useless. One of you made a terrible mistake today, and I'm going to make sure you are punished for it," Barry screamed, his voice getting angrier and louder. Barry shot a suspicious look at me, and then stormed out of the room, leaving to go call the police. Deep down inside of me, I knew he was right. If there was a vicious criminal, they had to be stopped, and I decided I'd better help stop them...Act II
  scarier  I held my breath from the horrible stench, and pushed open the stall door. There was a loud creaking noise as it slowly swinged open. I entered the cramped stall and let out a loud scream. Sitting on the toilet, was the body of Max Thurman, his lifeless eyes staring straight at me, and his cold hands frozen in fear against the knife jutting out of his head. I backed out of the stall, a sense of fear and dread blocking all of my senses. I could hear the sounds of footsteps, as people came to find out the cause of the scream. Barry Tompkins, the head security guard of the building, was the first one to enter, and he let out a loud moan as he saw the body of Max in the stall. He grabbed me by the arm and pulled me out into the hallway, convinced I was the one that killed Max. He pulled me into the Plaza, where the rest of the guests watched with perplexed looks on their faces. "Everyone, I have some bad news. Max Thurman is dead," Barry bellowed out to the guests, a sense of sadness could be detected in his tone. The guests stood stunned as Barry explained what happened. I stood there, watching their faces, knowing already that one of them had just brutally murdered a fellow human being. "One of us just killed our boss. I don't know why, and I don't care why. I just want to make sure that person will be brought to justice. That is why I am sealing off the elevator," Barry continued to shout to the crowd. There were loud groans and shocked sighs as the guests began to beg for their freedom. "No one is leaving. I am going to call the police, and they're going to come here and find out who did this. I've already blocked off the use of all elevators with my security pass, so it's useless. One of you made a terrible mistake today, and I'm going to make sure you are punished for it," Barry screamed, his voice getting angrier and louder. Barry shot a suspicious look at me, and then stormed out of the room, leaving to go call the police. Deep down inside of me, I knew he was right. If there was a vicious criminal, they had to be stopped, and I decided I'd better help stop them... Act II

turn 11  n -- WHITESPACE ONLY (a separator one side has and the other has not).  The .txt transcript drops alignment-only breaks; re-check with fast.sh DUMP_SCROLLBACK before calling it an engine bug.
  run400   I opened the recently unlocked door, and walked inside the dark room. A strange feeling of dread came over me as I walked through the dark, searching for a light to turn on. My hands slid against the wall, looking for the light switch, and then...*click*The lights came on as my hands touched the light switch. I breathed a sigh of relief, at least I could see. But this relief soon disappeared as I looked towards the desk. A loud beeping could be heard from across the room. A chair faced the large window behind the desk, the location where the beeping noise came from... I took a deep breath, and began to slowly walk towards the chair, knowing that something or someone was waiting for me in it. I walked past the oak desk, knowing that I'd soon have to face whatever it was behind that chair. I took a quick whipe of my sweating forehead, and allowed my hand to touch the leather of the chair. Slowly, I began to swivel the chair around to face me...Barry was sitting in front of me, staring back at me with a face of fear. His eyes were open wide, and his mouth was twisted open, almost as if he was trying to scream. A blue pen was jammed into his chest, sticking out just like the knife in Max's head. My eyes tried to look away, but I was frozen in shock. I wanted to scream for help, but I knew I couldn't...no one could know about this. I shook my head, and turned away. But the slight beeping sound, made me turn back. In Barry's hand, I could see a phone. The phone he was going to use to call the police. Still beeping, he didn't even have a chance to dial. But, that meant I could still call for help. I quickly ran behind the desk and grabbed the phone out of his hand. As I reached for the numbers to dial, the beeping stopped. I clicked on some of the numbers, but there was no response. Someone had cut the phone lines...Act III
  scarier  I opened the recently unlocked door, and walked inside the dark room. A strange feeling of dread came over me as I walked through the dark, searching for a light to turn on. My hands slid against the wall, looking for the light switch, and then... *click* The lights came on as my hands touched the light switch. I breathed a sigh of relief, at least I could see. But this relief soon disappeared as I looked towards the desk. A loud beeping could be heard from across the room. A chair faced the large window behind the desk, the location where the beeping noise came from... I took a deep breath, and began to slowly walk towards the chair, knowing that something or someone was waiting for me in it. I walked past the oak desk, knowing that I'd soon have to face whatever it was behind that chair. I took a quick whipe of my sweating forehead, and allowed my hand to touch the leather of the chair. Slowly, I began to swivel the chair around to face me... Barry was sitting in front of me, staring back at me with a face of fear. His eyes were open wide, and his mouth was twisted open, almost as if he was trying to scream. A blue pen was jammed into his chest, sticking out just like the knife in Max's head. My eyes tried to look away, but I was frozen in shock. I wanted to scream for help, but I knew I couldn't...no one could know about this. I shook my head, and turned away. But the slight beeping sound, made me turn back. In Barry's hand, I could see a phone. The phone he was going to use to call the police. Still beeping, he didn't even have a chance to dial. But, that meant I could still call for help. I quickly ran behind the desk and grabbed the phone out of his hand. As I reached for the numbers to dial, the beeping stopped. I clicked on some of the numbers, but there was no response. Someone had cut the phone lines... Act III

turn 22  open microwave -- WHITESPACE ONLY (a separator one side has and the other has not).  The .txt transcript drops alignment-only breaks; re-check with fast.sh DUMP_SCROLLBACK before calling it an engine bug.
  run400   Seeing the object from outside, I opened the door, expecting to find some food that someone left behind inside of it. But instead of food, I found a severed head. Frank's severed head to be exact. His neck stopped at a jagged stump, and his body was nowhere to be seen. I slammed the door, and slowly backed away, my stomach was not able to process the sight. I quickly fell to your knees, and pulled the garbage can near the door closer to myself. With the sight of Frank's severed head still etched into my mind, I vomitted into the garbage can. A few minutes later, I was back in the plaza, with no one noticing Frank missing yet. That should give me time to continue on with the investigation...Act IV
  scarier  Seeing the object from outside, I opened the door, expecting to find some food that someone left behind inside of it. But instead of food, I found a severed head. Frank's severed head to be exact. His neck stopped at a jagged stump, and his body was nowhere to be seen. I slammed the door, and slowly backed away, my stomach was not able to process the sight. I quickly fell to your knees, and pulled the garbage can near the door closer to myself. With the sight of Frank's severed head still etched into my mind, I vomitted into the garbage can. A few minutes later, I was back in the plaza, with no one noticing Frank missing yet. That should give me time to continue on with the investigation... Act IV

turn 58  n
  run400   I have already done that.
  scarier  I move north. Archives I never liked the archives, the room always gave me a bad feeling. It was a very dark place, even during the day. But during the night, it was even worse. The only light came from a small desk lamp, and this desk was in the far corner of the room. A bunch of cabinets, bookcases, and shelves cover the room, full of reports and files from years ago.

turn 59  push bookcases
  run400   I can't do that here!
  scarier  Realizing that the scratch marks mean the bookcase has been pulled over the ground, I began to push it. The bookcase slid quite easily out of the way, and a hole in the wall was revealed behind it...

turn 60  in
  run400   I can't go in that direction, but I can move north and south.
  scarier  I move in. Hidden Room As I entred the hidden room, I knew I had uncovered what I was looking for the entire time. The room was dark, but a recently lit candle on a small desk in the middle of the room provided some light. Covering the walls were reports and files from the company on Alex Boss, like the man was proud of being able to steal the money so easily.

turn 61  take journal
  run400   Take what?
  scarier  I grabbed the journal off the table. It could help me solve the murders.

turn 62  read journal
  run400   Nothing special.
  scarier  Dec. 12- They're getting close. No more hiding in the shadows. I need to attack. God will help them die. Dec. 13- The money has been safetly stored away. I used to hide it here, behind the Archives, but I fear it will be found. Dec. 14- My Alex Boss account is closed, I cannot gain more money. Max will pay. They all will. Dec. 15- Tomorrow is the party. I will introduce them all to Alex Boss. Dec. 16- Tonight is the night. I will not kill them. Alex Boss will. They will all finally get to meet him. They will all finally pay for closing the account. I am Alex Boss. As I closed the journal, I heard footsteps behind me. I begin to breath heavily, looking for a place to hide. I blew out the candle, and hid around the corner of the door. In the darkness, a figure appeared in front of me, walking in through the door. They were breathing strangely, and seemed to be limping. They pulled something out of their pocket, and a few seconds later, the candle on the desk was lit... Nancy Thurman was hunched over the desk, a knife was sticking out of her back. She saw me hiding near the door, and began to limp towards me, her hands outreached. As she walked towards me, she fell on her knees, and her arms grabbed my sides. "On...the....roof..." She mumbled out, falling to the ground. She convulsed, and then went silent. This was it. Alex Boss was waiting for me on the roof. This was finally going to end... Act VII As I walked back into the Plaza, I noticed the open elevator doors. Alex was waiting for me...

5 turn(s) differed by whitespace only (2 not shown) -- see the note above.

(the openings differ too -- banner, graphics notice or the
 Runner's own startup lines; usually not an engine difference)
