feed        108 commands
runner      80 turns echoed
scarier     108 turns, feed[0] is scarier turn 0

RULE 2 -- every feed command was echoed.

turn 41  wait
  run400   A little time passes. I duck back into the shadows as Gamble starts down the stairs, his cane thumping as he moves. He walks quickly, surprisingly quickly for a man of his years and apparent frailty, but then there are several things about miserable old Wilfred Gamble that I have never really understood. Down the stairs he comes, down, down, and steps onto the patch of stairs I have varnished and then carries on. What the- I almost curse out loud in annoyance. The stairs are so slippery you could practically skate down the damn things. And an eighty-two year old man with a bad leg and leaning on a cane has just stepped onto a patch of varnish and not even fallen? "You," I hear a voice say. ...press a key... Gamble has stopped and turned and is looking at me. I'm dressed all in black and hidden in the shadows but he's seen me all the same. (Later on, I'll wonder at that but right now I'm too tense.) "You bastard," Gamble hisses, starting towards me. "Damn you, you bastard! You-" That's as far as he gets before I surge at him. He raises his cane to strike me but I see it coming and grab it. For a second we struggle back and forth and there's a worrying moment when it seems he might even get the upper hand. An eighty-two year old man stronger than a man of forty in great physical condition? It hardly bears thinking about. But then I shove against him and Gamble stumbles, loses his balance, and falls. He crashes down the stairs. He makes an unholy cacophony as he goes. At the bottom, he comes to a rest against a wall and lies there. Unmoving. ...press a key... And, finally, Gamble is dead. I wait a minute or two, just to make sure he really is dead and not just unconscious. Whoever thought the old bastard had such fight in him? I take a deep breath and study the crime scene the way I used to when I was a cop. I never did detective work - I was more a plod who worked the streets and called in the big boys every time something serious went down - but I was present at enough murder scenes to know the sort of things that are checked for. I do some tidying up. I move a few things. I rearrange Gamble's body and smooth out the lines on his face. I check him for bruises (precious little I can do about them but it makes me feel a little better when I don't find any). Then, finally, I decide everything is ready. "Mrs Gamble," I say into the intercom which links every room in the house. "I'm afraid I have some terrible news " ...press a key... "We have to be careful." "Of course." "We have to go about our business as if nothing has changed between us-" "Of course."
  scarier  A little time passes. I duck back into the shadows as Gamble starts down the stairs, his cane thumping as he moves. He walks quickly, surprisingly quickly for a man of his years and apparent frailty, but then there are several things about miserable old Wilfred Gamble that I have never really understood. Down the stairs he comes, down, down, and steps onto the patch of stairs I have varnished and then carries on. What the- I almost curse out loud in annoyance. The stairs are so slippery you could practically skate down the damn things. And an eighty-two year old man with a bad leg and leaning on a cane has just stepped onto a patch of varnish and not even fallen? "You," I hear a voice say. ...press a key... Gamble has stopped and turned and is looking at me. I'm dressed all in black and hidden in the shadows but he's seen me all the same. (Later on, I'll wonder at that but right now I'm too tense.) "You bastard," Gamble hisses, starting towards me. "Damn you, you bastard! You-" That's as far as he gets before I surge at him. He raises his cane to strike me but I see it coming and grab it. For a second we struggle back and forth and there's a worrying moment when it seems he might even get the upper hand. An eighty-two year old man stronger than a man of forty in great physical condition? It hardly bears thinking about. But then I shove against him and Gamble stumbles, loses his balance, and falls. He crashes down the stairs. He makes an unholy cacophony as he goes. At the bottom, he comes to a rest against a wall and lies there. Unmoving. ...press a key... And, finally, Gamble is dead. I wait a minute or two, just to make sure he really is dead and not just unconscious. Whoever thought the old bastard had such fight in him? I take a deep breath and study the crime scene the way I used to when I was a cop. I never did detective work - I was more a plod who worked the streets and called in the big boys every time something serious went down - but I was present at enough murder scenes to know the sort of things that are checked for. I do some tidying up. I move a few things. I rearrange Gamble's body and smooth out the lines on his face. I check him for bruises (precious little I can do about them but it makes me feel a little better when I don't find any). Then, finally, I decide everything is ready. "Mrs Gamble," I say into the intercom which links every room in the house. "I'm afraid I have some terrible news " ...press a key... "We have to be careful." "Of course." "We have to go about our business as if nothing has changed between us-" "Of course." "It was delivered this morning," says Stephanie when I ask her about the chest. "Some delivery people dropped it off." "Who sent it?" I ask. "Wilfred." I approach the chest and check the delivery order that came with it. Wilfred's scrawl, barely legible but definitely his, is on it. "Someone's messing with us," I say. "What's inside?" Stephanie shrugs. "I haven't opened it yet." She doesn't meet my eyes. "I wanted to wait till you were here." But a second later she excuses herself and leaves me alone in the room. ...press a key... There are many rooms in the mansion I have never entered before and this is one of them. The maids sometime use it as a storage room for supplies and so the ever present smell of cleaning products permeates the air. The room itself is small and unremarkable: there are no windows and nothing in the way of decoration or scenery. A table pushed against one wall holds the chest that was delivered this morning.

turn 42  
  run400   Try something else. That command is not one needed for this adventure. "It was delivered this morning," says Stephanie when I ask her about the chest. "Some delivery people dropped it off." "Who sent it?" I ask. "Wilfred." I approach the chest and check the delivery order that came with it. Wilfred's scrawl, barely legible but definitely his, is on it. "Someone's messing with us," I say. "What's inside?" Stephanie shrugs. "I haven't opened it yet." She doesn't meet my eyes. "I wanted to wait till you were here." But a second later she excuses herself and leaves me alone in the room. ...press a key... There are many rooms in the mansion I have never entered before and this is one of them. The maids sometime use it as a storage room for supplies and so the ever present smell of cleaning products permeates the air. The room itself is small and unremarkable: there are no windows and nothing in the way of decoration or scenery. A table pushed against one wall holds the chest that was delivered this morning.
  scarier  Try something else. That command is not one needed for this adventure.

turn 47  2
  run400   "Do? Nothing. I'm not paying a fucking thing." Stephanie reads over the final diary entry. "This isn't much of a fucking blackmail tool anyway. So Wilfred knew I was cheating on him? So what? It's hardly going to stand up in a court of law as proof that we killed him. That's assuming it's even his handwriting. It could be faked." "It looks like his handwriting," I say. "Who died and made you a fucking handwriting expert?" Stephanie throws the diary onto the floor. "Fuck 'em. They're not getting a thing." ...press a key... "Black magic? Voodoo? Life after death?
  scarier  "Do? Nothing. I'm not paying a fucking thing." Stephanie reads over the final diary entry. "This isn't much of a fucking blackmail tool anyway. So Wilfred knew I was cheating on him? So what? It's hardly going to stand up in a court of law as proof that we killed him. That's assuming it's even his handwriting. It could be faked." "It looks like his handwriting," I say. "Who died and made you a fucking handwriting expert?" Stephanie throws the diary onto the floor. "Fuck 'em. They're not getting a thing." ...press a key... "Black magic? Voodoo? Life after death? Gamble was watching a porn film when I entered his room. He was lying in bed, so wrapped up in blankets that he looked like an ancient mummy. His nurse hurried past me and out of the room. She looked like she'd been crying. (What qualifications she has to be a nurse I'm not sure but she wouldn't have looked out of place in a Playboy centrefold.) "Sit down, Rogers," Gamble says, his attention focused not on me but on the 50" plasma screen where a couple of lesbians appear to be getting well acquainted. I sit. "Beautiful, aren't they?" he says. I glance at the screen and nod. There's something deeply unpleasant about an eighty-two year old man who can't walk unaided spending his days watching women young enough to be his great grand daughters having sex with each other. If he was still capable of an erection, I imagine it would be lifting the bedclothes by several inches right now. ...press a key... "My wife's beautiful, isn't she?" Gamble says. He's asked this before and it doesn't bother me as much as it did when he first asked it. "Very, sir." "She'd be doing that sort of thing if I hadn't taken her in." He nods to the screen. "Filthy bitch she is. She'd fuck a dog if it paid her enough." I maintain a carefully expressionless face. Gamble goes on, "she fucks me after all. You fucked any beautiful women, Rogers?" I nod. "A few, sir." "I bet you're not still fucking them when you're my age." He gives a horrid croaking sound which I interpret as laughter. "Press the button." I blink. "The-" "On the video. Fuck, Rogers. I'm eighty-four and I know what I mean. Don't tell me senile dementia sets in early in your family." I reach over and press the button. The picture on screen changes. "This is a good one," says Gamble. "You'll like this one." ...press a key... A woman walks onto the screen wearing nothing more than the kind of collar I've seen before in extreme bondage films. My mouth goes dry. Stephanie. "Take a look at what you'll never have." Gamble gives his dry, croaking laugh again. The Stephanie on screen begins to play with her body, exposing herself to the camera. Though I'm no stranger to porn, I find myself disturbed by this and look away. Gamble laughs again. "Told you she was a fucking whore." In the end, the decision to kill Gamble was an easy one to make. Not grabbing hold of him and snapping his scrawny neck there and then was the difficult part. ...press a key... After the diary had showed up, I expected to receive a blackmail demand in the post the next day. When it didn't, I expected it the day after. It didn't. When a week had gone by, I found myself pacing the halls of the mansion and becoming steadily more frustrated. You might have thought that no blackmail demand would have calmed me down, but it didn't. The very fact that someone was playing games with us had me on edge and without a visible target to strike at, I was left feeling helpless. A blackmail demand would at least have given me something to focus on. ...press a key... Corridor A short corridor, nothing more than a connection between a study to the west and the dining room to the east. I hear someone call my name from the dining room. One of the servants? It certainly wasn't Stephanie.

turn 48  
  run400   Try something else. That command is not one needed for this adventure. Gamble was watching a porn film when I entered his room. He was lying in bed, so wrapped up in blankets that he looked like an ancient mummy. His nurse hurried past me and out of the room. She looked like she'd been crying. (What qualifications she has to be a nurse I'm not sure but she wouldn't have looked out of place in a Playboy centrefold.) "Sit down, Rogers," Gamble says, his attention focused not on me but on the 50" plasma screen where a couple of lesbians appear to be getting well acquainted. I sit. "Beautiful, aren't they?" he says. I glance at the screen and nod. There's something deeply unpleasant about an eighty-two year old man who can't walk unaided spending his days watching women young enough to be his great grand daughters having sex with each other. If he was still capable of an erection, I imagine it would be lifting the bedclothes by several inches right now. ...press a key... "My wife's beautiful, isn't she?" Gamble says. He's asked this before and it doesn't bother me as much as it did when he first asked it. "Very, sir." "She'd be doing that sort of thing if I hadn't taken her in." He nods to the screen. "Filthy bitch she is. She'd fuck a dog if it paid her enough." I maintain a carefully expressionless face. Gamble goes on, "she fucks me after all. You fucked any beautiful women, Rogers?" I nod. "A few, sir." "I bet you're not still fucking them when you're my age." He gives a horrid croaking sound which I interpret as laughter. "Press the button." I blink. "The-" "On the video. Fuck, Rogers. I'm eighty-four and I know what I mean. Don't tell me senile dementia sets in early in your family." I reach over and press the button. The picture on screen changes. "This is a good one," says Gamble. "You'll like this one." ...press a key... A woman walks onto the screen wearing nothing more than the kind of collar I've seen before in extreme bondage films. My mouth goes dry. Stephanie. "Take a look at what you'll never have." Gamble gives his dry, croaking laugh again. The Stephanie on screen begins to play with her body, exposing herself to the camera. Though I'm no stranger to porn, I find myself disturbed by this and look away. Gamble laughs again. "Told you she was a fucking whore." In the end, the decision to kill Gamble was an easy one to make. Not grabbing hold of him and snapping his scrawny neck there and then was the difficult part. ...press a key... After the diary had showed up, I expected to receive a blackmail demand in the post the next day. When it didn't, I expected it the day after. It didn't. When a week had gone by, I found myself pacing the halls of the mansion and becoming steadily more frustrated. You might have thought that no blackmail demand would have calmed me down, but it didn't. The very fact that someone was playing games with us had me on edge and without a visible target to strike at, I was left feeling helpless. A blackmail demand would at least have given me something to focus on. ...press a key... Corridor A short corridor, nothing more than a connection between a study to the west and the dining room to the east. I hear someone call my name from the dining room. One of the servants? It certainly wasn't Stephanie.
  scarier  Try something else. That command is not one needed for this adventure.

(the openings differ too -- banner, graphics notice or the
 Runner's own startup lines; usually not an engine difference)
