feed        89 commands
runner      87 turns echoed
scarier     89 turns, feed[0] is scarier turn 2

closing     feed[87:] quit|y -- the session's own quit; not compared

RULE 2 -- every feed command was echoed.

turn 86  kiss rachel
  run400   I'm not sure she would appreciate that! You lean closer to Rachel. She looks into your eyes and takes your hand with her own. You can feel your heart beating. You gently run your fingers through her hair, you softly caress the warm nape of her neck, you trail your fingers along her jaw line, feeling her soft tanned skin, finally letting the tips of your fingers touch her moist lips... She moves towards you, you feel her lips brush against yours, lightly, teasing you at first, then again, more urgent, wanton, insistent, her wet lips locked with yours, tongues driving hard and furious...you feel her body against yours, young, supple...you reach for her...your hands tingle as they touch her skin... "Get in the back," whispers Rachel, breathless. You both climb onto the back seat and stretch naked against eachother. Your bodies glow and glisten and sweat. You drive against eachother, exploring, discovering, rolling and thrashing about as the rain continues to fall and darkness pulls in all around you...you writhe against Rachel, licking every golden inch of her body, delighting in her taste and smell, you ache to please her, you lust for her to please you...you feel tingles, tremors, gasps, wetness...and dizzyness...your head is spinning...your visions cloud...you cannot see Rachel...you cannot hear her groans and orgasmic moans...you cannot taste her...you cannot touch her...there is blackness all around...engulfing you...seducing you...drawing you in...it has begun...the storm clouds boil and rumble overhead...a viscious fork of lightning rips against the horizon...you both stare with horror at the as a dark submarine emerges from the rolling sea fog... To Be Continued... Password for Part 2 is 6700GOBLIN Send an email to @aol.com to recieve part 2. You scored 100 out of the maximum 100! That is 100% of the game! Well done - you scored maximum points! [Press any key to end]
  scarier  You lean closer to Rachel. She looks into your eyes and takes your hand with her own. You can feel your heart beating. You gently run your fingers through her hair, you softly caress the warm nape of her neck, you trail your fingers along her jaw line, feeling her soft tanned skin, finally letting the tips of your fingers touch her moist lips... She moves towards you, you feel her lips brush against yours, lightly, teasing you at first, then again, more urgent, wanton, insistent, her wet lips locked with yours, tongues driving hard and furious...you feel her body against yours, young, supple...you reach for her...your hands tingle as they touch her skin... "Get in the back," whispers Rachel, breathless. You both climb onto the back seat and stretch naked against eachother. Your bodies glow and glisten and sweat. You drive against eachother, exploring, discovering, rolling and thrashing about as the rain continues to fall and darkness pulls in all around you...you writhe against Rachel, licking every golden inch of her body, delighting in her taste and smell, you ache to please her, you lust for her to please you...you feel tingles, tremors, gasps, wetness...and dizzyness...your head is spinning...your visions cloud...you cannot see Rachel...you cannot hear her groans and orgasmic moans...you cannot taste her...you cannot touch her...there is blackness all around...engulfing you...seducing you...drawing you in...it has begun...the storm clouds boil and rumble overhead...a viscious fork of lightning rips against the horizon...you both stare with horror at the as a dark submarine emerges from the rolling sea fog... To Be Continued... Password for Part 2 is 6700GOBLIN Send an email to @aol.com to recieve part 2. You scored 100 out of the maximum 100! That is 100% of the game! Well done - you scored maximum points! [Press any key to end]

(the openings differ too -- banner, graphics notice or the
 Runner's own startup lines; usually not an engine difference)
