feed        181 commands
runner      181 turns echoed
scarier     183 turns, feed[0] is scarier turn 2

RULE 2 -- every feed command was echoed.

turn 53  take blue gem
  run400   You already have the green gem!
  scarier  You take a blue gem from the fresh skeleton.

turn 55  x fresh skeleton
  run400   It's a human skeleton with a broken skull. A blue gem and a decayed scroll are on the fresh skeleton.
  scarier  It's a human skeleton with a broken skull. A decayed scroll is on the fresh skeleton.

turn 56  take scroll
  run400   Which scroll. Ancient scroll or the decayed scroll?
  scarier  You take a decayed scroll from the fresh skeleton.

turn 71  give princess decayed scroll
  run400   You can't do that right now.
  scarier  "My noble princess, I am sure you remember how I told you that I would go to the bowels of hell to bring to your feet the most magnificent treasure that the world ever had. I have succeeded in finding it but then a fearful feeling stole over my soul, that I might not come back..." The rest of the letter seems to have been torn apart.

turn 113  give queen lily
  run400   You don't have a lily.
  scarier  "Thank you. I will keep my promise and give you such a reward as you deserve," says the Queen and gives you a bright red gem.

turn 118  put red gem on statue
  run400   You don't have a red gem.
  scarier  You have put a blue gem in the pedestal of the statue. A red light appears.

turn 119  put green gem on statue
  run400   You don't have a green gem.
  scarier  You have put a blue gem in the pedestal of the statue. A green light appears.

turn 120  put blue gem on statue
  run400   You don't have a blue gem.
  scarier  You have put a blue gem in the pedestal of the statue. A blue light appears. Then all three lights unite and create a rainbow, relieving a secret drawer in the statue's pedestal.

turn 121  open drawer
  run400   You can't open that.
  scarier  You open the hidden drawer. A small golden key is inside the hidden drawer.

turn 122  take key
  run400   Take what?
  scarier  You take a small golden key from the hidden drawer.

... stopping after 10 differing turns
(the openings differ too -- banner, graphics notice or the
 Runner's own startup lines; usually not an engine difference)
