feed        46 commands
runner      46 turns echoed
scarier     46 turns, feed[0] is scarier turn 0

RULE 2 -- every feed command was echoed.

turn 22  take sniper rifle
  run400   You pull the sniper rifle out of the pile of hay.
  scarier  You take the sniper rifle.

turn 45  fire pen flare
  run400   You fire the pen flare into the air with a sharp pop. The bright flare streaks up into the sky and bursts into brilliant star white cluster. The SAR aircraft react immediatly to the signaling flare, turning sharply towards the valley. The transport helo slowly lumbers in to the landing zone as the escort gunships dart by on either flank, ensuring the area is clear. As the SAR bird flares to land the tall grass begins whipping back and forth around you. You shield your eyes from the swirling debris being kicked up and brace yourself against the the intense force of the rotor wash. The big aircraft finally settles on the deck and aft ramp begins to drop. Friendlies spill out of the back of the cabin and form a tight perimeter around the LZ while an aircrewman and a medic rush to you with a casualty litter. You gesture them away and simply walk into the back of the aircraft and take a seat. The troops break down their perimeter one by one and file back into plane and strap into their seats. One of the pilots looks over his shoulder at you with a big grin and give you an enthusiastic thumbs up. You smile weakly and close your eyes, allowing your body to relax and sink back into the uncomfortable seat. You hear the engines spool up and the aircraft begins to lift. You feel a lump form in your throat and a chill shoots up your spine as the beast breaks contact with the earth and pounds it's way into the air. After that, the aircraft settles into a rythmic shuffle and as the plane rocks you, the drone of the engines sing you into a deep sleep. You scored 140 out of the maximum 260! That is 53% of the game! You finished 120 points short. [Press any key to end]
  scarier  You fire the pen flare into the air with a sharp pop. The bright flare streaks up into the sky and bursts into brilliant star white cluster. The SAR aircraft react immediatly to the signaling flare, turning sharply towards the valley. The transport helo slowly lumbers in to the landing zone as the escort gunships dart by on either flank, ensuring the area is clear. As the SAR bird flares to land the tall grass begins whipping back and forth around you. You shield your eyes from the swirling debris being kicked up and brace yourself against the the intense force of the rotor wash. The big aircraft finally settles on the deck and aft ramp begins to drop. Friendlies spill out of the back of the cabin and form a tight perimeter around the LZ while an aircrewman and a medic rush to you with a casualty litter. You gesture them away and simply walk into the back of the aircraft and take a seat. The troops break down their perimeter one by one and file back into plane and strap into their seats. One of the pilots looks over his shoulder at you with a big grin and give you an enthusiastic thumbs up. You smile weakly and close your eyes, allowing your body to relax and sink back into the uncomfortable seat. You hear the engines spool up and the aircraft begins to lift. You feel a lump form in your throat and a chill shoots up your spine as the beast breaks contact with the earth and pounds it's way into the air. After that, the aircraft settles into a rythmic shuffle and as the plane rocks you, the drone of the engines sing you into a deep sleep. You scored 130 out of the maximum 260! That is 50% of the game! You finished 130 points short. [Press any key to end]

(the openings differ too -- banner, graphics notice or the
 Runner's own startup lines; usually not an engine difference)
