feed        31 commands
runner      31 turns echoed
scarier     31 turns, feed[0] is scarier turn 0

RULE 2 -- every feed command was echoed.

turn 30  lift beam
  run400   You place one end of the trident under the beam and say to the woman, "I don't know if you can hear me or not but I'm going to try and lever this off you. Crawl out when it's up, okay?" The woman doesn't respond on account of being unconscious but you decide to go ahead anyway. What with the flames beginning to get awful close, you don't have a whole lot of time to come up with another plan. You start putting pressure on the trident, as much pressure as you can. This isn't a lot. While you're hardly skinny (you eat way too many donuts and chocolate to ever be considered skinny), you're not especially large either. Or heavy. Or strong. You're just over five feet tall and, as your dad is fond of saying, look like a strong gust of wind would blow you away. It'd be a fair assessment to say you're not exactly the ideal person to be levering a heavy beam off a trapped woman, but unfortunately you're here and no super strong weight lifters are lurking just around the corner, so it's got to be you. You throw your weight (such as it is) against the trident, hoping you can shift the beam to one side enough to allow the woman the opportunity to crawl free. At first the trident makes a creaking sound, making you worry it's going to snap in two, but then it crackles with electricity, flares painfully hot for a brief moment, there is a sudden smell of charred wood and the beam throws itself to one side! And with enough force to put a sizeable dent in the wall as well! The woman's eyes fly open as the weight is lifted off her and she gives a cry, sucking in several deep breaths. Now the beam is out of the way, you can see more of her and what you see doesn't look positive. She's got green blood (yes, green) splattered all over her front and legs and there's a gash about two inches deep in her side from which more blood is oozing. Or gushing actually. You're no doctor but even you can tell this isn't someone who's going to be walking out of the building in one piece. She looks at you as if seeing you for the first time. Her mouth opens and closes a few times, but no words come out. Her eyes are strange, too narrow to be human and, also, glowing ever so slightly. " thank you " "We have to get out of here," you say, noticing it has got a lot hotter in the last few moments. "The fire-" " too late for me " The woman coughs, blood dripping from her mouth and onto the floor. Her eyes briefly lose focus then lock onto yours with force. " but you... you can get out of here... you can..." She smiles softly. "Avenge me..." "Huh?" She extends a shaking, bluish hand towards you. " give me your your hand " You take her hand, ready to help her to her feet, but instead she pulls you towards her - with surprising strength for someone so close to Death's Door she could practically reach out and knock on it. You stumble and fall to your knees, almost landing on top of her. Before you have chance to ask what the heck she's doing, before you even have chance to think about what she's doing, she seizes hold of your face with one hand, whispers a word, and a blinding light shoots from her eyes. Into your eyes. "What I am, now you are," she hisses. "Find him, Suzy. Find him and KILL HIM!" The light blocks out everything else you can see - the woman, the fire, everything - and you feel yourself falling, falling, falling [Your score has just increased by 5 points.] [MORE]
  scarier  You place one end of the trident under the beam and say to the woman, "I don't know if you can hear me or not but I'm going to try and lever this off you. Crawl out when it's up, okay?" The woman doesn't respond on account of being unconscious but you decide to go ahead anyway. What with the flames beginning to get awful close, you don't have a whole lot of time to come up with another plan. You start putting pressure on the trident, as much pressure as you can. This isn't a lot. While you're hardly skinny (you eat way too many donuts and chocolate to ever be considered skinny), you're not especially large either. Or heavy. Or strong. You're just over five feet tall and, as your dad is fond of saying, look like a strong gust of wind would blow you away. It'd be a fair assessment to say you're not exactly the ideal person to be levering a heavy beam off a trapped woman, but unfortunately you're here and no super strong weight lifters are lurking just around the corner, so it's got to be you. You throw your weight (such as it is) against the trident, hoping you can shift the beam to one side enough to allow the woman the opportunity to crawl free. At first the trident makes a creaking sound, making you worry it's going to snap in two, but then it crackles with electricity, flares painfully hot for a brief moment, there is a sudden smell of charred wood and the beam throws itself to one side! And with enough force to put a sizeable dent in the wall as well! The woman's eyes fly open as the weight is lifted off her and she gives a cry, sucking in several deep breaths. Now the beam is out of the way, you can see more of her and what you see doesn't look positive. She's got green blood (yes, green) splattered all over her front and legs and there's a gash about two inches deep in her side from which more blood is oozing. Or gushing actually. You're no doctor but even you can tell this isn't someone who's going to be walking out of the building in one piece. She looks at you as if seeing you for the first time. Her mouth opens and closes a few times, but no words come out. Her eyes are strange, too narrow to be human and, also, glowing ever so slightly. " thank you " "We have to get out of here," you say, noticing it has got a lot hotter in the last few moments. "The fire-" " too late for me " The woman coughs, blood dripping from her mouth and onto the floor. Her eyes briefly lose focus then lock onto yours with force. " but you... you can get out of here... you can..." She smiles softly. "Avenge me..." "Huh?" She extends a shaking, bluish hand towards you. " give me your your hand " You take her hand, ready to help her to her feet, but instead she pulls you towards her - with surprising strength for someone so close to Death's Door she could practically reach out and knock on it. You stumble and fall to your knees, almost landing on top of her. Before you have chance to ask what the heck she's doing, before you even have chance to think about what she's doing, she seizes hold of your face with one hand, whispers a word, and a blinding light shoots from her eyes. Into your eyes. "What I am, now you are," she hisses. "Find him, Suzy. Find him and KILL HIM!" The light blocks out everything else you can see - the woman, the fire, everything - and you feel yourself falling, falling, falling [Your score has just increased by 5 points.] [MORE] If you're reading this: well done! You've successfully reached the end of How Suzy Got Her Powers You achieved this with a score of 22 out of a maximum possible of 22. Got less than 22? No need to worry. The main thing is that you reached the end of the game and you're now well on your way to becoming a fully fledged superhero. Give yourself a well-deserved clap on the back and break out the champagne. Whether you realise it or not, the world needs you. If you want to play the game again, type RESTART.

(the openings differ too -- banner, graphics notice or the
 Runner's own startup lines; usually not an engine difference)
