feed        158 commands
runner      158 turns echoed
scarier     158 turns, feed[0] is scarier turn 0

RULE 2 -- every feed command was echoed.

turn 59  inventory
  run400   
  scarier  You are wearing your helmet and your atmosphere suit, and you are carrying a cooling B6 container.

turn 83  wait -- WHITESPACE ONLY (a separator one side has and the other has not).  The .txt transcript drops alignment-only breaks; re-check with fast.sh DUMP_SCROLLBACK before calling it an engine bug.
  run400   Time passes... Through your helmet's telecom, you hear the captain yelling to Price to follow him. 'Stay put Parker, we're coming to get you! Don't move!' Price says trying to stay calm. 'Always screwing something up, Price, always. We will be lucky to get out of here alive now,' the Captain pants between breaths. 'Oh knock it off David, you were the same way when you first started,' pants Price, 'I seem to remember bailing you out of trouble more than once....' Just then, the captain appears over the crevice above him followed by Price. Both of them out of breath. <press any key> 'Ok! Give me your hand, Parker!' the captain reaches his arm down the side of the crevice. Strong wind blows dust up around them as they struggle to keep from falling in with you. You reach up your hand falling short of the Captain's by about two feet. 'Jump Parker, hurry! I can see the fog on the horizon!' You bend your knees as you get ready to make the most important leap of your life. You look up to the Captain to aim your jump as a blanket of white washes over the both of them. Your reflexes take over as you leap upwards reaching for the hand of the Captain. Within a blink of an eye thier horrified faces turn from flesh to bone to pure white as you grasp nothing but air. <press any key> You land with a thud just as your vision goes...... AM I DEAD?AM I DEAD?AM I DEAD?AM I DEAD?AM I DEAD?WHERE AM I?WHERE AM I?WHERE AM I?WHERE AM I?WHERE AM I?WHAT'S GOING ON?WHAT'S GOING ON?WHAT'S GOING ON?WHAT'S GOING ON?WHAT'S GOING ON?You open your eyes for what seems like the one hundreth time today to a beautiful bright blue sky.... You've got to stop sleeping so much. It's really confusing you as to whether you are dreaming or awake now. If it wasn't for this bulky suit, you would pinch yourself to settle it once and for all. For now, you decide to take things as they come, stand up and take a look around. You are on a round metal platform inside some sort of large hole in the ground. Towering walls of earth surround you in every direction. Several unidentified metal tools are half buried in the dirt around you. Set up against the bank to your south is a tall metal apparatus that stretches the full height of the bank. Something glinting on the ground catches your eye.
  scarier  Time passes... Through your helmet's telecom, you hear the captain yelling to Price to follow him. 'Stay put Parker, we're coming to get you! Don't move!' Price says trying to stay calm. 'Always screwing something up, Price, always. We will be lucky to get out of here alive now,' the Captain pants between breaths. 'Oh knock it off David, you were the same way when you first started,' pants Price, 'I seem to remember bailing you out of trouble more than once....' Just then, the captain appears over the crevice above him followed by Price. Both of them out of breath. <press any key> 'Ok! Give me your hand, Parker!' the captain reaches his arm down the side of the crevice. Strong wind blows dust up around them as they struggle to keep from falling in with you. You reach up your hand falling short of the Captain's by about two feet. 'Jump Parker, hurry! I can see the fog on the horizon!' You bend your knees as you get ready to make the most important leap of your life. You look up to the Captain to aim your jump as a blanket of white washes over the both of them. Your reflexes take over as you leap upwards reaching for the hand of the Captain. Within a blink of an eye thier horrified faces turn from flesh to bone to pure white as you grasp nothing but air. <press any key> You land with a thud just as your vision goes...... AM I DEAD? AM I DEAD? AM I DEAD? AM I DEAD? AM I DEAD? WHERE AM I? WHERE AM I? WHERE AM I? WHERE AM I? WHERE AM I? WHAT'S GOING ON? WHAT'S GOING ON? WHAT'S GOING ON? WHAT'S GOING ON? WHAT'S GOING ON? You open your eyes for what seems like the one hundreth time today to a beautiful bright blue sky.... You've got to stop sleeping so much. It's really confusing you as to whether you are dreaming or awake now. If it wasn't for this bulky suit, you would pinch yourself to settle it once and for all. For now, you decide to take things as they come, stand up and take a look around. You are on a round metal platform inside some sort of large hole in the ground. Towering walls of earth surround you in every direction. Several unidentified metal tools are half buried in the dirt around you. Set up against the bank to your south is a tall metal apparatus that stretches the full height of the bank. Something glinting on the ground catches your eye.

turn 114  w
  run400   You move west to pursue the bot. West Machine Room A poorly lit, yellow hexagonal room. The architecture here stands out to you as it's much more angular than the round style you are used to seeing around here. Machines line every wall that you think are some sort of computers. All of the lights on the machines are dark. One of the computer's panels on the north wall has been broken off and there is a slight green glow coming from it. There is a raised platform on the south end of the room. Node inspects some dust. The head is here floating next to the open panel. 'This is it here,' the head says motioning towards the open panel. 'The first thing we need you to do here is fix this. It seems like one of the boards was taken and never returned. I hope you brought a replacement with you....' The head rolls its eyes. 'Otherwise, we might be out of luck here.' 'Oh by the way, you can refer to me as Node,' the head suddenly says cheerily. 'Now get to work!'
  scarier  You move west to pursue the bot. West Machine Room A poorly lit, yellow hexagonal room. The architecture here stands out to you as it's much more angular than the round style you are used to seeing around here. Machines line every wall that you think are some sort of computers. All of the lights on the machines are dark. One of the computer's panels on the north wall has been broken off and there is a slight green glow coming from it. There is a raised platform on the south end of the room. Node says to you, 'I bet you wish you were farming....or milking, or whatever it is that you people do....' The head is here floating next to the open panel. 'This is it here,' the head says motioning towards the open panel. 'The first thing we need you to do here is fix this. It seems like one of the boards was taken and never returned. I hope you brought a replacement with you....' The head rolls its eyes. 'Otherwise, we might be out of luck here.' 'Oh by the way, you can refer to me as Node,' the head suddenly says cheerily. 'Now get to work!'

turn 117  e
  run400   You move east. Blue Waiting Area Rows of blue painted chairs and benches occupy this room much similar to how a commercial Spaceport terminal is set up. You can only assume this room is used as a waiting terminal of some sort. Along the walls are signs and posters showing pictures of everything from golden beaches to great stone castles. You notice a small exit to the south half hidden by piled up benches while a large open doorway leads west. Node floats into the room from the west.
  scarier  You move east. Blue Waiting Area Rows of blue painted chairs and benches occupy this room much similar to how a commercial Spaceport terminal is set up. You can only assume this room is used as a waiting terminal of some sort. Along the walls are signs and posters showing pictures of everything from golden beaches to great stone castles. You notice a small exit to the south half hidden by piled up benches while a large open doorway leads west. Node comes into the room from the west.

turn 118  n
  run400   You move north. Blue Walkway This is a long curved corridor with a few scattered tables along the painted blue walls. Running the length of the corridor along the wall, is a moving walkway which is not functioning. The walkway comes to an end to the south at a doorway opening up into a what looks like a large waiting room. To the east is the main lobby. Node floats into the room from the south. Node inspects some dust.
  scarier  You move north. Blue Walkway This is a long curved corridor with a few scattered tables along the painted blue walls. Running the length of the corridor along the wall, is a moving walkway which is not functioning. The walkway comes to an end to the south at a doorway opening up into a what looks like a large waiting room. To the east is the main lobby. Node enters from the south.

turn 119  e
  run400   You move east. Dusty Lobby A dusty lobby with two counters facing you as you come in. All along the walls are large screens which are all currently not functioning. To your north is the bright hallway, to your south lies a large passageway and there are doorways to your east and west. Bolted to the wall directly above the western doorframe is a plate which seems to be glowing purple. Node floats into the room from the west.
  scarier  You move east. Dusty Lobby A dusty lobby with two counters facing you as you come in. All along the walls are large screens which are all currently not functioning. To your north is the bright hallway, to your south lies a large passageway and there are doorways to your east and west. Bolted to the wall directly above the western doorframe is a plate which seems to be glowing purple. Node enters from the west.

turn 121  s
  run400   You move south. Green Waiting Area Rows of green painted chairs and benches occupy this room much similar to how a commercial Spaceport terminal is set up. You can only assume this room is used as a waiting terminal of some sort. Along the walls are signs and posters showing pictures of everything from snowy landscapes to incredible alien city skylines. A non-working moving walkway starts here and heads north, a large open doorway leads east, and a small nondescript doorway is at the south end of the room. Bolted to the wall directly above the doorframe to the south, is a plate which seems to be glowing purple. Node floats into the room from the north.
  scarier  You move south. Green Waiting Area Rows of green painted chairs and benches occupy this room much similar to how a commercial Spaceport terminal is set up. You can only assume this room is used as a waiting terminal of some sort. Along the walls are signs and posters showing pictures of everything from snowy landscapes to incredible alien city skylines. A non-working moving walkway starts here and heads north, a large open doorway leads east, and a small nondescript doorway is at the south end of the room. Bolted to the wall directly above the doorframe to the south, is a plate which seems to be glowing purple. Node hovers in from the north.

turn 123  s
  run400   You move south. Bridge to Stairs Node floats into the room from the north.
  scarier  You move south. Bridge to Stairs Node comes into the room from the north.

turn 124  s
  run400   You move south. Stairwell Top Node floats into the room from the north.
  scarier  You move south. Stairwell Top Node enters from the north.

turn 125  d
  run400   You move down. Stairwell Bottom !*! Bottom of the stairs. You can go up and north. Node floats into the room from above.
  scarier  You move down. Stairwell Bottom !*! Bottom of the stairs. You can go up and north. Node enters from above.

turn 126  e
  run400   You move east. Triangular Hallway West |*| A triangular shaped hallway. There are closed doors to your north and south, the bottom of the stairwell lies west and the hallway continues east. Node floats into the room from the west.
  scarier  You move east. Triangular Hallway West |*| A triangular shaped hallway. There are closed doors to your north and south, the bottom of the stairwell lies west and the hallway continues east. Node enters from the west.

... stopping after 10 differing turns
1 turn(s) differed by whitespace only -- see the note above.

(the openings differ too -- banner, graphics notice or the
 Runner's own startup lines; usually not an engine difference)
