feed        84 commands
runner      84 turns echoed
scarier     84 turns, feed[0] is scarier turn 0

RULE 2 -- every feed command was echoed.

turn 45  x girl -- streams re-synchronised, scarier turn -1

turn 46  ask simonsen about plan -- streams re-synchronised, scarier turn +1

turn 72  e
  run400   
  scarier  You move east. Bozo Nightclub The Bozo night club is a crowded and small. There are drunk youths everywhere, but at least these norwegians don't stuff themselves with garlic. You remember last year when the convention was held in Turkey, there was close to impossible to find a suitable meal. The furniture is in the rather dull modern dichotheque style. You do like the place anyway, since there is not a single mirror in sight. The bar itself is large and covers an entire wall. You count 4 beer tabs along it, and an equal amount of bartenders. You can go east back to the street, and another door behind the bar to the west. Bartender and The Bozo Guard are here. Jon Simonsen enters from the west. Anette follows you from the from the west.

turn 73  e
  run400   
  scarier  You move east. Karl Johans Street Karl Johans is the main street through Oslo centrum. You are standing about half way beetween the central station to the south and the royal castle to the north. Across the street to the west is a night club called Bozo. Jon Simonsen enters from the west. Anette follows you from the from the west.

turn 74  s
  run400   You can only move east.
  scarier  You move south. Oslo Central Station In front of the Oslo Central Station there is a small market place. At this time of night there are a lot of stands and small trailers selling junk food. By a taxi station the queue is growing rapidly, and it will probably take a while before you can get back to the hotel in a cab. Jon Simonsen enters from the north. Anette follows you from the from the north.

turn 75  enter queue
  run400   You can't do that here!
  scarier  You Anette and Jon lines up for a taxi. It takes quite a while but you finally get one. The three of you arrive back at the Hotel 23:45. The meeting starts in 15 minutes. You might prefer to sneak back into the Hotel to avoid the possibility that someone figures out you left the hotel room early, but you have no time for that, and walk into the lobby. Lobby The lobby of the plaza is large. In front of the north wall stands the reception counter with a rack with keys behind it. A portiere is helping the guests from behind the counter. The lobby isn't crowded this time of the night, and, luckily, you can't see any vampires around. To the east is the elevator, and to the west a door leads into the conference rooms. Doors to the south leads out of the hotel.

turn 76  e
  run400   
  scarier  You move east. Elevator A standard Hotel elevator. There are a panel of button here ranging from 0 to 30. Jon Simonsen enters from the west. Anette follows you from the from the west.

turn 77  push 15
  run400   You can't do that here!
  scarier  The elevator gets into motion, and you arrive at the floor of the grand master vampire. You calculate that Igor's room has to be 1502 based on the position in the air duct. You can see no vampires guarding his door, so they must be inside. Showing up your self would be suicide, so you decide to let Anette knock on the door while you hide behind a plant in the hall. Reluctantly she agrees, she seems a bit nervous though. After a while the door opens, and a vampire appears. They actually let her in, and the door closes. The perfect assassination you think to yourself. You can only hope that you used so little heroin in the beer that Igor won't notice when he sinks his fangs in Anettes throat. If he doesen't the heroin will finish him of for sure. You sneak back into the elevator.

turn 78  push 0
  run400   You can't do that here!
  scarier  You arrive at the 0. floor. You can leave the elevator to the west.

turn 79  w
  run400   You can only move east.
  scarier  You walk into the lobby. Jon Simonsen enters.

turn 80  w
  run400   You can only move east.
  scarier  You move west. Hall From this hall several doors lead into different conference rooms. You se at once which one leads to the convention, because to vampires are guarding it. In front of the door two mirrors have been placed, so that any one entering the room has to pass between them. A much used method to screen out any living intruders. One of the vampires gives you a small nod of acknowledgement as you enter. To the west is the door to the meeting, and you can go east to the lobby. Jon Simonsen enters from the east.

turn 81  w
  run400   You can only move east.
  scarier  You and Simonsen enter the conference. Simonsen is now an undead and passes easily through the mirrors. Many of the other delagates have arrived already. Each have their assistants with them, all other vampires. You and your assistant(Jon Simonsen) sit down by the conference table. You're counting on that no vampire has seen Simonsen and gotten away alive. Nobody seem to recognize him. Simonsen has always been very effective.At midnight only Igor van der Linden has yet to join the meeting. The other vampires soon get impatient and whispers start around the table. Then you jump off your chair, draw your gun and start blasting away at the delagates. Jon reacts a tenth of a second later and the report of your guns sound in the room. The two of you actually manage to finish them all off. Simonsen didn't miss a single hearth. Then you turn on Simonsen and put a well aimed shot in his chest as well. He doesen't even look surprised as he falls to the ground, his undead life coming to an end. Now you are the most powerful vampire alive. You are the new grand master vampire. You told yourself you were unlike other vampires, that you were not evil but good. But you cannot deny your nature. You are a vampire after all. You drop the gun to the floor and quickly leave the hotel. The guards in front of the door were destroyed during the shooting, so the way is cleared. You're going back to Wianna to make claim of the position as the worlds new grand master vampire. Congratulations! Thank's for playing The Vampire with a Consience. Type AMUSING to find get some hints on funny things to do, or END to see your score.

... stopping after 10 differing turns
(the openings differ too -- banner, graphics notice or the
 Runner's own startup lines; usually not an engine difference)
