feed        207 commands
runner      207 turns echoed
scarier     207 turns, feed[0] is scarier turn 0

RULE 2 -- every feed command was echoed.

turn 206  2
  run400   Your kick, even though there was little force behind it, hit a sensitive part of Griff's neck, which stuns him enough for you to escape from his clutches. Battered from your fight with Griff, you glance at the suit of armour that lies scattered across the floor and notice that it was carrying a spear. Rearing up, Griff makes one final dive for you. You roll aside, grab the spear and plunge it deep into the side of Griff's chest in a single, fluid motion. Griff lets out a deafening screech, which slowly dies away into a strained gurgle as the monster sinks to its knees before finally keeling over as it breathes its last. * Press Enter * > Ignoring Sally and yourself, Natalia slowly gets up from her chair walks over to the dead griffon with tears welling in her eyes. Gone is the look of malevolence, arrogance and anger that marred her face. She slumps down onto the floor right next to Griff's corpse, cradling it's head in her arms, stroking it gently, as if it was still alive. She starts to sob, as if she were mourning the death of her own child. Deep within your mind, you begin to understand something you feel was erased from it long ago, not a memory as such, but a feeling. Keeping an eye on Natalia, you wander over the videocom and call the police. Two seconds later the face of a police officer appears on the screen. "Police." "Hello, officer. I'd like to report a kidnapping and a case of attempted murder at the Falcon Lithoid," you say to him. He looks a little puzzled by your demeanor. "You might want to bring a few body bags with you, too." "Body bags? Hold on, mate, what's going on th-" he says, as you switch off the videocom. "We'll sort out the formalities with the police later," you tell Sally. "Come on, let's get out of this place." Sally gets to her feet and tiptoes over to you uneasily, glancing nervously at Natalia, who barely acknowledges your existence. When Sally reaches you, she throws her arms around you and squeezes you tightly. For once, she is lost for words. "Are you hurt?" you ask her. She shakes her head, trembling a little. "No...I'm just a little shook up, I'll be okay." Sally replies, looking back at Natalia. "What are you going to do to her?" Despite everything she has done, you have lost the urge to kill Natalia. "I don't know about you Sally, but I think we ought to give the police the pleasure of dealing with the real monster..." Natalia is the real monster, but I was the man who created her? You ask yourself. No, I could not be the one responsible; that thing that threatened to kill Sally was not the clever and sweet-natured Natalia I used to know, or was it? Was it all just a deception? Perhaps some undiscovered memory still lurks inside my mind that will allow me to answer that question... With that, you lead Sally out of the Lithoid, wrapping her in a rug that you saw in one of the other rooms; Natalia makes no attempt to stop you. Outside, the snow has stopped falling, but it is still thick underfoot. "Thank you, Jem." Sally whispers. "You really did love me after all...I was beginning to think that you didn't, but if you were willing to risk your life-" > "If I risked my life, it is because you are my friend and I don't like seeing my friends suffer; yours was a life that bitch had no right to take." The icy wind picks up a little, causing Sally to shiver. "When I was created, any desire I had for female company was erased from my mind, as was any fear of death. They said that making me incapable of love would make me a more ruthless soldier, but there is something I don't think either the government or those who created me understood," you tell her. Sally looks into you eyes, a little confused. "The purpose of being a soldier is to protect the things you love, but why would anyone seek to defend something they didn't love? How can someone go through their life protecting what has no value? The answers came back to me today when you told me about how much you loved to dance and again when I saw Natalia blubbing over that monster of hers. Earlier, you said that the greatest feeling you had ever felt was knowing that you had entertained and inspired those watching you, something I have seen you pursue with the same passion that I have seen from only one other person..." "Who?" she asks. "Surely not-" "Yes, Natalia." you reply. Sally seems surprised by your answer. "How on earth could she possibly love that monster she had created? Because it was hers. No doubt she spent endless hours designing it, creating it and training it with as much love as a mother would give to raising her own child. That is why she was so upset when I killed it and why she just lay there when I called the police; I could have killed her and I don't think she would have even tried to protect herself. By destroying what people value, you deprive them of the things they love and the life they live, then their lives become meaningless. I think even Natalia has learned that lesson, even if she did learn it the hard way..." A smile appears on her face. She understands. In the distance, you see several pairs of flashing blue lights speeding through the sky toward you; it is the police. "So why are you depriving me of the thing that I love, Jem?" She asks, standing in the snow. "Why ? What am I depriving you of?" "You." she says. Before you can react, her arms encircle your neck and she kisses you. For some reason, that moment seemed to last longer than any other in your life. Even your previous one. The End [Press any key to end]
  scarier  Your kick, even though there was little force behind it, hit a sensitive part of Griff's neck, which stuns him enough for you to escape from his clutches. Battered from your fight with Griff, you glance at the suit of armour that lies scattered across the floor and notice that it was carrying a spear. Rearing up, Griff makes one final dive for you. You roll aside, grab the spear and plunge it deep into the side of Griff's chest in a single, fluid motion. Griff lets out a deafening screech, which slowly dies away into a strained gurgle as the monster sinks to its knees before finally keeling over as it breathes its last. * Press Enter *

(the openings differ too -- banner, graphics notice or the
 Runner's own startup lines; usually not an engine difference)
