feed        19 commands
runner      19 turns echoed
scarier     19 turns, feed[0] is scarier turn 0

RULE 2 -- every feed command was echoed.

turn 12  z -- WHITESPACE ONLY (a separator one side has and the other has not).  The .txt transcript drops alignment-only breaks; re-check with fast.sh DUMP_SCROLLBACK before calling it an engine bug.
  run400   Time passes... The Master's eyes are spinning Masson disks as he disappears down a sudden rent in the floor. The warehouse is plunged into a seismic fury that has you reeling away like a feather caught in a strong wind. Fat, hot stones rain upward to smite the laboring clamjamfry above. Screams of the dying and defecating fill your ears. Tendrils of smoke lick at your eyes. The darkness is there, a nebulous something resembling an aggregate of black butterflies.... [More]Time passes... Time passes... Time passes... The wet rasp of countless butterflies engaged in copulative acts issues from the darkness. Time passes... Unconsciousness finally decides to flee from your mind like an unwelcomed specter.... In the Rubble Calloused and wretchedly besmirched, you stand in a smoke-laced caldera of shattered concrete and twisted steel. Orange light hovers over a rent in the center, filling the small space with its placating glow. Silence hangs in the dust-mottled air like a tapestry of old cobwebs. A Devil of Operose surveys the area with a close eye, but seems entirely unconcerned with the damage.
  scarier  Time passes... The Master's eyes are spinning Masson disks as he disappears down a sudden rent in the floor. The warehouse is plunged into a seismic fury that has you reeling away like a feather caught in a strong wind. Fat, hot stones rain upward to smite the laboring clamjamfry above. Screams of the dying and defecating fill your ears. Tendrils of smoke lick at your eyes. The darkness is there, a nebulous something resembling an aggregate of black butterflies.... [More] Time passes... Time passes... Time passes... The wet rasp of countless butterflies engaged in copulative acts issues from the darkness. Time passes... Unconsciousness finally decides to flee from your mind like an unwelcomed specter.... In the Rubble Calloused and wretchedly besmirched, you stand in a smoke-laced caldera of shattered concrete and twisted steel. Orange light hovers over a rent in the center, filling the small space with its placating glow. Silence hangs in the dust-mottled air like a tapestry of old cobwebs. A Devil of Operose surveys the area with a close eye, but seems entirely unconcerned with the damage.

turn 18  cut string 23
  run400   "That is it, Twenty-Three." [More] In the Warehouse The dimly-lit cavernous interior of the warehouse is a human apiary of activity. Columns of hamster wheels hang from the walls like mad clocks, each one containing a threadbare, travailing soul. Rust-clad catwalks extend to the higher wheels above, twining away to the high-ceilinged reaches of iniquity. Everywhere there is the dizzy movement of the wheels. Master Awning, a grotesque lump of a manikin, fiddles nervously with his bloodied hedge-clippers. "Not too responsive," he mutters. [More]Murmurs of "psychomechanical fatigue" drift amid the man-shadows as you are carried away to a side chamber. As your eyes adjust to the harsh light of the vaulted space, your attention is riveted to a structure of utter magnificence. You focus on its glistening form, the geometric perfection. It is the most beautiful thing you have ever seen; it is all that matters now. "There's your gilded cage." Your gilded cage awaits you. You are ushered quickly through the narrow door in its side. Enthralled by such perfection, you care little about the vipers that share the cage with you. [More]Remember thy life is in running water, and not in still water.... - ABDUL ALHAZRED, Necronomicon [Game ended]
  scarier  "That is it, Twenty-Three." [More] In the Warehouse The dimly-lit cavernous interior of the warehouse is a human apiary of activity. Columns of hamster wheels hang from the walls like mad clocks, each one containing a threadbare, travailing soul. Rust-clad catwalks extend to the higher wheels above, twining away to the high-ceilinged reaches of iniquity. Everywhere there is the dizzy movement of the wheels. Master Awning, a grotesque lump of a manikin, fiddles nervously with his bloodied hedge-clippers. "Not too responsive," he mutters. [More] Murmurs of "psychomechanical fatigue" drift amid the man-shadows as you are carried away to a side chamber. As your eyes adjust to the harsh light of the vaulted space, your attention is riveted to a structure of utter magnificence. You focus on its glistening form, the geometric perfection. It is the most beautiful thing you have ever seen; it is all that matters now. "There's your gilded cage." Your gilded cage awaits you. You are ushered quickly through the narrow door in its side. Enthralled by such perfection, you care little about the vipers that share the cage with you. [More] Remember thy life is in running water, and not in still water.... - ABDUL ALHAZRED, Necronomicon

1 turn(s) differed by whitespace only -- see the note above.

(the openings differ too -- banner, graphics notice or the
 Runner's own startup lines; usually not an engine difference)
