feed        313 commands
runner      115 turns echoed
scarier     313 turns, feed[0] is scarier turn 0

RULE 2 -- 124 command(s) the Runner never echoed.  Everything
after the first of them is out of step and is NOT an engine
difference until the feed is fixed and the row re-driven:
    feed[121]  take device
    feed[123]  press button
    feed[124]  w
    feed[125]  take syndrom pills
    feed[126]  d
    feed[132]  trade device with cameron
    feed[136]  trade porn magazine with cameron
    feed[142]  n
    feed[144]  w
    feed[145]  blow horn
    feed[147]  blow fife
    feed[148]  take key
    feed[149]  n
    feed[150]  unlock door
    feed[151]  n
    feed[152]  x shelf
    feed[153]  take urn
    feed[154]  take spade
    feed[155]  smash urn
    feed[156]  x bits of china
    ... and 104 more

turn 115  give pain killer pills to matthew
  run400   "Hey Matt, here are your pain killers," you say handing Matthew the pain killers. "Oh, thanks so much," says Matt, swallowing one of the pills. "Do I get a reward?" you ask. "Nope, you were the one who caused me to get this headache," says Matt. "Hey, look here, I just went all the way to fucking WoopWoop to get you those pills, and to top it off I had to listen to Mr Funs Happy Songs for the whole way back, now I'm a little tired and a little cranky, BUT GIVE ME A GOD DAMN REWARD!" you yell. "Fine, fine, Sally!" yells Matthew. "Yes sir?" says Sally. "Get Thumper here a pack of cuban cigars," says Matthew. "Right away sir," says Sally as she walks off and grabs a packet of cuban cigars, then hands them to you. "Now, that's what I call a reward, thanks a bundle," you say. "I'm going to go back to my office, and work on my next project," says Matthew. "See you later," you say as Matt walks to the elevator. He left his electronic device! You are going mad, your eyes are spinning too fast. > take device You pick up the electronic device. > e You move east. The Elevator (floor 1) You are standing in the elevator. You can leave to the west. Looking at the button panel you notice there is only one button with the text "MATT'S OFFICE" written on it. Your spine is killing you. You can only move west. > press button You press the button and the elevator jolts to life. The elevator music turns on while you are going up. The elevator stops at floor 200 and the elevator doors open. > w You move west. Matthew's Office (Floor 200, Dark Baron Enterprises) You are in a room really high up. There are glass windows looking down to the town of Gunjaville. The room is filled with obscure pieces of furniture and cow suits. There is a hole in the floor next to the desk, looking down it you can see that the hole goes straight down to the first floor. Also here is an oodlekoff. Matthew Hickford is here, working at his desk. Your spine is killing you. You can only move east. > take syndrom pills You take a jar of chronic fooluffultitus syndrom pills from the desk. You fart. > d You slip and begin to fall down the hole. "SHHHHHHIIIIIIIITTTTTTTT!!!!!!!!!!!!" you scream as you fall. You land face forward on the floor. Normally if someone fell from that height, there body would be mangled all over the floor, but since Thumper is the official "Wonder Wombat", it only broke his spine.
  scarier  "Hey Matt, here are your pain killers," you say handing Matthew the pain killers. "Oh, thanks so much," says Matt, swallowing one of the pills. "Do I get a reward?" you ask. "Nope, you were the one who caused me to get this headache," says Matt. "Hey, look here, I just went all the way to fucking WoopWoop to get you those pills, and to top it off I had to listen to Mr Funs Happy Songs for the whole way back, now I'm a little tired and a little cranky, BUT GIVE ME A GOD DAMN REWARD!" you yell. "Fine, fine, Sally!" yells Matthew. "Yes sir?" says Sally. "Get Thumper here a pack of cuban cigars," says Matthew. "Right away sir," says Sally as she walks off and grabs a packet of cuban cigars, then hands them to you. "Now, that's what I call a reward, thanks a bundle," you say. "I'm going to go back to my office, and work on my next project," says Matthew. "See you later," you say as Matt walks to the elevator. He left his electronic device! You are going mad, your eyes are spinning too fast.

turn 116  
  run400   Grunt. > w You move west. Mull Road This is the south of Mull Road. It is bloody hot. To the south is a dark alleyway. To the west of you is the Bath House and to the east of you is a large skyscraper called Dark Baron enterprises. Your spine is killing you. You can move north, east, south and west. > n You move north. Mull Road You are standing in Mull Road, a dry old stinky road. The sun is bloody hot and making you sweaty. To the east you can see your house, still on fire. Mull Road goes north and south from here. To the west you can see Bobs Boozhouse. A garbage truck is parked next to you. Your spine is killing you. You can move north, east, south and west. > n You move north. Mull Road You are standing in Mull Road. There is a phone booth here, which you can call people with. To the east of you is Swear 'O' Rama Stadium, and to the west is the Driving School. To the north is the Gunjaville park. Cameron the Cat is standing around, looking out to trade something. Your spine is killing you. You can move north, east, south, west and in. > trade device with cameron "Want to trade this electronic device?" you ask. "Sure, I've got a mint condition fife," says Cameron. "A fife, in mint condition? How much is it worth?" you ask. "I dunno, but apparently it annoys the crap out of the dead," says Cameron. "Hmmm, interesting, I'll take it," you say, handing Cameron the electronic device. > trade porn magazine with cameron "Want to trade this 80 year old porn?" you ask. "Sure, would you like an undead horn?" says Cameron. "What's that?" you ask. "Well, I traded it for a magical thorn, it apparently wakes the dead but I don't know any dead people so it's no use for me," says Cameron. "Okay, deal," you say handing him the old porn magazine. He gives you the horn. > n You move north. Gunjaville Park You are standing on the path which goes north through Gunjaville Park. There are grass fields to either side of you. A path continues north towards a pond. Beatrice and Donald are sitting on the park bench, feeding the birds. Your spine is killing you. You can move north and south. > n You move north. By The Pond You are standing by a small stone pond, there are a few fish swimming around it. In front of you is a large hedge maze, which looks rather large, you'd probably get lost. To the west of you is a long path, leaving the park. Roger the Rhino is here, admiring his maze. Your spine is killing you. You can move north, south and west.
  scarier  Grunt.

turn 117  
  run400   Grunt. > w You move west. The Graveyard You are standing in an eerie graveyard, there are graves all around you. This places is creeping you out, so you might leave soon. There is a small shack to the north you, must be the grave keepers hut. Your spine is killing you. You can move north and east. > blow horn You put the horn up to your mouth and blow. A loud thundering sound comes out the other end. Something is rumbling.... Suddenly a skeleton jackal jumps out of the ground and lands standing before you. "Who dares desterb my sleep?" cackles the Jackal. The Jackal grabs the horn from your hands and snaps it in two. > blow fife You hold the fife up to your mouth and blow. A screaching sound comes out the end. John the Jackal clamps his hands to his ears and yells out "No! Stop! Noo!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!". He drops the key he was holding on the ground, and he falls back into his grave. He starts shoveling dirt back on top of the grave, so you can't annoy him no longer. > take key You pick up the skeleton key. > n You move north. Outside the Shack You are standing outside a small iron shack, it looks very old and has a large steel lock on the door, which'd take a very very large pair of bolt cutters to open. There is a doormat in front of the door. The path only goes south, back to the graveyard. Your spine is killing you. You can only move south. > unlock door You grab the key and shove it into the lock. You twist is, and the lock falls to the ground. You kick it away into the bushes. > n You move north. Inside the Shack You are standing inside the shack. A small lantern bolted to the wall lights the dark room. There is a small military cot to the north of you, and a small wooden shelf above it. Also here is a spade. Your spine is killing you. You can only move south. > x shelf This is a small wooden shelf above the bed. An urn is on the shelf. > take urn You take an urn from the shelf. > take spade You pick up the spade. > smash urn You drop the urn on the floor, and it shatters into millions of bits of cracked china, white ashes going everywhere. > x bits of china There are millions of bits of cracked china. Some white substance is on the bits of china. > take substance You take some white substance from the bits of china. > s You move south. Outside the Shack You are standing outside a small iron shack, it looks very old and has a large steel lock on the door, which'd take a very very large pair of bolt cutters to open. There is a doormat in front of the door. The path only goes south, back to the graveyard. Your spine is killing you. You can move north and south. > s You move south. The Graveyard You are standing in an eerie graveyard, there are graves all around you. This places is creeping you out, so you might leave soon. There is a small shack to the north you, must be the grave keepers hut. Your spine is killing you. You can move north and east.
  scarier  Grunt.

turn 122  e  (past the first lost command)
  run400   You move east. By The Pond You are standing by a small stone pond, there are a few fish swimming around it. In front of you is a large hedge maze, which looks rather large, you'd probably get lost. To the west of you is a long path, leaving the park. Roger the Rhino is here, admiring his maze. Your spine is killing you. You can move north, south and west. > s You move south. Gunjaville Park You are standing on the path which goes north through Gunjaville Park. There are grass fields to either side of you. A path continues north towards a pond. Beatrice and Donald are sitting on the park bench, feeding the birds. Your spine is killing you. You can move north and south. > s You move south. Mull Road You are standing in Mull Road. There is a phone booth here, which you can call people with. To the east of you is Swear 'O' Rama Stadium, and to the west is the Driving School. To the north is the Gunjaville park. Cameron the Cat is standing around, looking out to trade something. Your spine is killing you. You can move north, east, south, west and in. > s You move south. Mull Road You are standing in Mull Road, a dry old stinky road. The sun is bloody hot and making you sweaty. To the east you can see your house, still on fire. Mull Road goes north and south from here. To the west you can see Bobs Boozhouse. A garbage truck is parked next to you. Your spine is killing you. You can move north, east, south and west.
  scarier  You move east. The Elevator (floor 1) You are standing in the elevator. You can leave to the west. Looking at the button panel you notice there is only one button with the text "MATT'S OFFICE" written on it. Your spine is killing you. You can only move west.

turn 129  w  (past the first lost command)
  run400   You move west. Bobs Boozhouse You are in Bobs Boozhouse, the local bar. Drunk animals sit along the bar stools, drinking some grog. You could really go for a beer. To the northwest you can see the toilets. Also here is Wendy's purse. Bob the Butcherbird is wiping a glass with an old rag behind the counter. Fry the Magpie is sitting on a stool, getting drunk. Your spine is killing you. You can move east and northwest. > give fooluffultitus pills to fry "Hey Fry, look what I've got for you," you say. "What is it?" asks Fry gloomily. You hand the jar of pills to Fry. "Hey, thanks a lot buddy!" says Fry. "Your welcome," you say. "What can I do for you to reward you?" you ask. "Well, you can tell me where Dazza the Dingo is," you say. "No idea, anything else?" asks Fry. "How 'bout some cash?" you ask. "Sorry, I spent my last $5 on a beer, anything else?" asks Fry. "Uh... I dunno, what can you do for me?" you ask. "Well, I could tell you how to get to the black market," says Fry. "Sure that sounds fine," you say. "The black market is behind the pussycat nightclub, just knock on the metal door and say the password cosmo cleetus to get admitted, I gotta go now, bye," says Fry as he gets up and runs out the bar. > e You move east. Mull Road You are standing in Mull Road, a dry old stinky road. The sun is bloody hot and making you sweaty. To the east you can see your house, still on fire. Mull Road goes north and south from here. To the west you can see Bobs Boozhouse. A garbage truck is parked next to you. Your spine is killing you. You can move north, east, south and west. You burp. > s You move south. Mull Road This is the south of Mull Road. It is bloody hot. To the south is a dark alleyway. To the west of you is the Bath House and to the east of you is a large skyscraper called Dark Baron enterprises. Your spine is killing you. You can move north, east, south and west. > s You move south. The Alleyway This is a dark alleyway, heaps of rubbish lies on the ground next to a large dumpster. To the south is a nightclub called "The Pussycat", a women only club. To the north is Mull street. Also here is an old lighter. Steve the Snake is looking around eagerly, smoking a cigarette. Your spine is killing you. You can move north and south. > give cocaine to steve "Hey, I brought you the cocaine," you say. "Well fucking alright! Thanks man, here's ya reward," says Steve handing you an envelope.. You rip open the envelope, and find $5000 inside. Steve runs off down the alley. "Geez, that Steve must have been desperate, there was only about 10 grams of that stuff". > s You move south. Outside the Pussycat nightclub You are standing in an alley outside a small building. A neon light flashes "The Pussycat" nightclub, which is a women only nightclub. You can go back north along the alley. You can enter to the south. Kristy the Cat is the bouncer, and is standing in front of the door. Your spine is killing you. You can move north and south. > wear dress You put on the old dress. > wear lipstick You put on the lipstick. > s "Hey, are you girl?" asks Kristy. "Sure," you sweetly say. "Alright, in ya go," says Kristy. You walk into the nightclub. > s You move south. The Dance Floor You are standing on the dance floor, hundreds of girls are all dancing around you to some disco music. There is a small door to the south of you. Olivia the Orangatang is break dancing on the floor. Pamela the Panda is dancing here. Your spine is killing you. You can move north and south. > s You move south. Back of The Pussycat You are standing out the back of the pussycat nightclub, which is to the north. There is nothing out here except for a brick wall facing you surrounding you. There is a small metal door to the east of you. Linda the Lizard is leaning against the brick wall, smoking a cigarette. Your spine is killing you. You can only move north. > knock on door You knock on the metal door. "What's the password," says a raspy voice from behind the door. > cosmo cleetus "Cosmo Cleetus," you say. The door unlocks and a large lion stands before you. "C'mon in," says the Lion. > buy ammo "Can I buy some AK47 ammo?" you ask. "Sure thing," says Larry taking a clip and handing it to you. You hand him $200. > reload gun You grab the clip and lock it into your gun. Now this baby is loaded! > w You move west. Back of The Pussycat You are standing out the back of the pussycat nightclub, which is to the north. There is nothing out here except for a brick wall facing you surrounding you. There is a small metal door to the east of you. Linda the Lizard is leaning against the brick wall, smoking a cigarette. Your spine is killing you. You can only move north.
  scarier  You move west. Mull Road This is the south of Mull Road. It is bloody hot. To the south is a dark alleyway. To the west of you is the Bath House and to the east of you is a large skyscraper called Dark Baron enterprises. Your spine is killing you. You can move north, east, south and west.

turn 130  n  (past the first lost command)
  run400   You move north. The Dance Floor You are standing on the dance floor, hundreds of girls are all dancing around you to some disco music. There is a small door to the south of you. Olivia the Orangatang is break dancing on the floor. Pamela the Panda is dancing here. Your spine is killing you. You can move north and south.
  scarier  You move north. Mull Road You are standing in Mull Road, a dry old stinky road. The sun is bloody hot and making you sweaty. To the east you can see your house, still on fire. Mull Road goes north and south from here. To the west you can see Bobs Boozhouse. A garbage truck is parked next to you. Your spine is killing you. You can move north, east, south and west.

turn 131  n  (past the first lost command)
  run400   You move north. The Pussycat Nightclub You are standing in the pussycat nightclub, and dark little room filled with girls talking to each other. There is a dance floor to the south of you. Belinda the Bulldog is sitting at a table, drinking some vodka. Your spine is killing you. You can move north and south. > n You move north. Outside the Pussycat nightclub You are standing in an alley outside a small building. A neon light flashes "The Pussycat" nightclub, which is a women only nightclub. You can go back north along the alley. You can enter to the south. Kristy the Cat is the bouncer, and is standing in front of the door. Your spine is killing you. You can move north and south. > n You move north. The Alleyway This is a dark alleyway, heaps of rubbish lies on the ground next to a large dumpster. To the south is a nightclub called "The Pussycat", a women only club. To the north is Mull street. Also here is an old lighter. Your spine is killing you. You can move north and south. > n You move north. Mull Road This is the south of Mull Road. It is bloody hot. To the south is a dark alleyway. To the west of you is the Bath House and to the east of you is a large skyscraper called Dark Baron enterprises. Your spine is killing you. You can move north, east, south and west. > n You move north. Mull Road You are standing in Mull Road, a dry old stinky road. The sun is bloody hot and making you sweaty. To the east you can see your house, still on fire. Mull Road goes north and south from here. To the west you can see Bobs Boozhouse. A garbage truck is parked next to you. Your spine is killing you. You can move north, east, south and west.
  scarier  You move north. Mull Road You are standing in Mull Road. There is a phone booth here, which you can call people with. To the east of you is Swear 'O' Rama Stadium, and to the west is the Driving School. To the north is the Gunjaville park. Cameron the Cat is standing around, looking out to trade something. Your spine is killing you. You can move north, east, south, west and in.

turn 133    (past the first lost command)
  run400   Grunt. > w You move west. Bobs Boozhouse You are in Bobs Boozhouse, the local bar. Drunk animals sit along the bar stools, drinking some grog. You could really go for a beer. To the northwest you can see the toilets. Also here is Wendy's purse. Bob the Butcherbird is wiping a glass with an old rag behind the counter. Your spine is killing you. You can move east and northwest. > remove dress You remove the old dress. > remove lipstick You remove the lipstick. > buy beer "Hey Bob, give us a beer," you yell. "Sure Thumper," says Bob. He grabs a mug and fills it to the top of beer, then hands it to you. You hand Bob $5. > drink beer You grab your mug and drink back some beer. Lovely. > drink beer You grab your mug and drink back some beer. Lovely. > drink beer You grab your mug and drink back some beer. Lovely. > drink beer You grab your mug and drink back some beer. Lovely. > drink beer You grab your mug and drink back some beer. Lovely. Bob takes your mug and begins to wipe it up. > buy beer "Hey Bob, give us a beer," you yell. "Sure Thumper," says Bob. He grabs a mug and fills it to the top of beer, then hands it to you. You hand Bob $5. > drink beer You grab your mug and drink back some beer. Lovely. > drink beer You grab your mug and drink back some beer. Lovely. > drink beer You grab your mug and drink back some beer. Lovely. > drink beer You grab your mug and drink back some beer. Lovely. > drink beer You grab your mug and drink back some beer. Lovely. Bob takes your mug and begins to wipe it up. > nw You move northwest. The Toilets (Bobs Boozhouse) You are in the toilets in Bobs Boozhouse, they stink like shit (what a suprise) and are old and dirty. There is a urinal on the wall. A message is scribbled on the wall in black marker. Your spine is killing you. You can only move southeast. > piss in urinal You have a long piss in the toilet. It is such a relief. > se You move southeast. Bobs Boozhouse You are in Bobs Boozhouse, the local bar. Drunk animals sit along the bar stools, drinking some grog. You could really go for a beer. To the northwest you can see the toilets. Also here is Wendy's purse. Bob the Butcherbird is wiping a glass with an old rag behind the counter. Your spine is killing you. You can move east and northwest. > buy beer "Hey Bob, give us a beer," you yell. "Sure Thumper," says Bob. He grabs a mug and fills it to the top of beer, then hands it to you. You hand Bob $5. > drink beer You grab your mug and drink back some beer. Lovely. > drink beer You grab your mug and drink back some beer. Lovely. > drink beer You grab your mug and drink back some beer. Lovely. > drink beer You grab your mug and drink back some beer. Lovely. > drink beer You grab your mug and drink back some beer. Lovely. Bob takes your mug and begins to wipe it up. > buy beer "Hey Bob, give us a beer," you yell. "Sure Thumper," says Bob. He grabs a mug and fills it to the top of beer, then hands it to you. You hand Bob $5. > drink beer You grab your mug and drink back some beer. Lovely. > drink beer You grab your mug and drink back some beer. Lovely. > drink beer You grab your mug and drink back some beer. Lovely. > drink beer You grab your mug and drink back some beer. Lovely. > drink beer You grab your mug and drink back some beer. Lovely. You scratch your arse. Bob takes your mug and begins to wipe it up. > buy beer "Hey Bob, give us a beer," you yell. "Sure Thumper," says Bob. He grabs a mug and fills it to the top of beer, then hands it to you. You hand Bob $5. > drink beer You grab your mug and drink back some beer. Lovely. > drink beer You grab your mug and drink back some beer. Lovely. You fall over on the ground, and you suddenly are transported to a wonderful place. > look Fantasy Land You are standing on a cloud, there are big kegs of beer and rabbits all around you. This is your perfect place to be. Also here is a shotgun and a titus component. Your spine is killing you. > take component You pick up the titus component. > z Time passes... > z Time passes... > z Time passes... > z Time passes... > z Time passes... You fart. > z Time passes... > z Time passes... Suddenly your fantasy world starts disolving, and your brain pounds against your skull rapidly. You just had a hangover! Back to the real world... > z Time passes...
  scarier  Grunt.

turn 134    (past the first lost command)
  run400   Grunt. > e You move east. Mull Road You are standing in Mull Road, a dry old stinky road. The sun is bloody hot and making you sweaty. To the east you can see your house, still on fire. Mull Road goes north and south from here. To the west you can see Bobs Boozhouse. A garbage truck is parked next to you. Your spine is killing you. You can move north, east, south and west. > s You move south. Mull Road This is the south of Mull Road. It is bloody hot. To the south is a dark alleyway. To the west of you is the Bath House and to the east of you is a large skyscraper called Dark Baron enterprises. Your spine is killing you. You can move north, east, south and west. > e You move east. Dark Baron Enterprises (1st floor) You are standing inside Dark Baron Enterprises, a large skyscraper about 200 stories high. Everywhere around you are people dressed in suits that look like cow skins. This place is truely freaky. A large cardboard cut-out of a marrow sits against the wall. There is an elevator to the east of you. Also here is a catalouge. Sally the Secretary is sitting at the reception desk. Chris the Crocodile is wearing a cow suit. Barry the Bear is wearing a cow suit. Your eyes are spinning. Your spine is killing you. You can move east and west. > e You move east. The Elevator (floor 1) You are standing in the elevator. You can leave to the west. Looking at the button panel you notice there is only one button with the text "MATT'S OFFICE" written on it. Your spine is killing you. You can only move west. > press button You press the button and the elevator jolts to life. The elevator music turns on while you are going up. The elevator stops at floor 200 and the elevator doors open. > w You move west. Matthew's Office (Floor 200, Dark Baron Enterprises) You are in a room really high up. There are glass windows looking down to the town of Gunjaville. The room is filled with obscure pieces of furniture and cow suits. There is a hole in the floor next to the desk, looking down it you can see that the hole goes straight down to the first floor. Also here is an oodlekoff. Matthew Hickford is here, working at his desk. Your spine is killing you. You can only move east. > give component to matthew "Hey Matt, I got the Titus Component," you say handing him the small ball. "Really? Where did you get it from?" asks Matt taking the ball. "Same place you got the idea of making a weather device, while I was drunk," you say. "Eureka! Now I can finish creating my weather device!" says Matthew. "Hey, Thumper! I'm about to try it out, wanna watch?" asks Matthew. "Sure thing," you say. Matthew walks up to the window and opens it, he points his gun out the window. "What sort of weather do you want to create?" asks Matthew. "Rain!" you yell. "Alright, rain it is," says Matthew. He points to a little button on the device and presses it. It starts glowing very brightly, and thunder begins to rumble. ZZZAAAPPP!!! A lightning bolt strikes in the sky, and it begins to pour down with rain. "Oh my god! IT WORKS! How fantastic!" yells Matthew. "I'm going outside to dance around!" says Matthew, who jumps down the hole in the floor. "Shhhiiitttt!!!!" he yells as he falls. > d You slip and begin to fall down the hole. "SHHHHHHIIIIIIIITTTTTTTT!!!!!!!!!!!!" you scream as you fall. You land face forward on the floor. Normally if someone fell from that height, there body would be mangled all over the floor, but since Thumper is the official "Wonder Wombat", it only broke his spine. Sally lets out a mad laugh and begins to drool. > w You move west. Mull Road This is the south of Mull Road. It is bloody hot. To the south is a dark alleyway. To the west of you is the Bath House and to the east of you is a large skyscraper called Dark Baron enterprises. Matthew Hickford is dancing in the rain. Your spine is killing you. It is raining heavily. You can move north, east, south and west. > n You move north. Mull Road You are standing in Mull Road, a dry old stinky road. The sun is bloody hot and making you sweaty. To the east you can see your house, still on fire. Mull Road goes north and south from here. To the west you can see Bobs Boozhouse. A garbage truck is parked next to you. Your spine is killing you. It is raining heavily. You can move north, east, south and west. > n You move north. Mull Road You are standing in Mull Road. There is a phone booth here, which you can call people with. To the east of you is Swear 'O' Rama Stadium, and to the west is the Driving School. To the north is the Gunjaville park. Cameron the Cat is standing around, looking out to trade something. Your spine is killing you. It is raining heavily. You can move north, east, south, west and in.
  scarier  Grunt.

turn 135    (past the first lost command)
  run400   Grunt. > n You move north. Gunjaville Park You are standing on the path which goes north through Gunjaville Park. There are grass fields to either side of you. A path continues north towards a pond. Beatrice and Donald are sitting on the park bench, feeding the birds. Your spine is killing you. It is raining heavily. You can move north and south. > n You move north. By The Pond You are standing by a small stone pond, there are a few fish swimming around it. In front of you is a large hedge maze, which looks rather large, you'd probably get lost. To the west of you is a long path, leaving the park. Roger the Rhino is here, admiring his maze. Your spine is killing you. It is raining heavily. You can move north, south and west. > n You move north. Maze You are standing in the green hedge maze, there are pathways leading in all directions. You are a bit lost. Your spine is killing you. It is raining heavily. You can only move south. > n You move along the maze, hoping to get out soon. > n You move along the maze, hoping to get out soon. > n You move along the maze, hoping to get out soon. > n You move along the maze, hoping to get out soon. > n You move north. Maze You are standing in the green hedge maze, there are pathways leading in all directions. You are a bit lost. Your spine is killing you. It is raining heavily. You can only move south. > n You move along the maze, hoping to get out soon. > n You move along the maze, hoping to get out soon. You burp. > n You move along the maze, hoping to get out soon. > n You move north. Inside The Rainy Express You are standing in a large bus, there are seats everywhere, and a few animals occupy them. Bob the Bull is sitting at the drivers seat. Your spine is killing you. You can only move south. > n You can only move south. > n You can only move south. > n You can only move south.
  scarier  Grunt.

... stopping after 10 differing turns
(the openings differ too -- banner, graphics notice or the
 Runner's own startup lines; usually not an engine difference)
