feed        245 commands
runner      244 turns echoed
scarier     245 turns, feed[0] is scarier turn 0

RULE 2 -- 1 command(s) the Runner never echoed.  Everything
after the first of them is out of step and is NOT an engine
difference until the feed is fixed and the row re-driven:
    feed[244]  open it

turn 10  x it
  run400   (the tweed jacket) The tweed jacket is a delightful brown colour. It looks a bit worn, especially at the elbows. Inside the tweed jacket is a small key.
  scarier  (a tweed jacket) The tweed jacket is a delightful brown colour. It looks a bit worn, especially at the elbows. Inside the tweed jacket is a small key.

turn 24  inventory
  run400   I am wearing my clothes, and I am carrying a pint of lager, a small key and a tweed jacket. Boff says, "Wow! I wish I had half the stuff you've got."
  scarier  Boff says, "Wow! I wish I had half the stuff you've got."

turn 62  open it
  run400   (the manilla envelope) I tear open the envelope. Inside, I find a Gold card.
  scarier  (a manilla envelope) I tear open the envelope. Inside, I find a Gold card.

turn 63  drop it
  run400   (the manilla envelope) I drop the manilla envelope.
  scarier  (a manilla envelope) I drop the manilla envelope.

turn 79  drop it
  run400   (the juicy pork chop) I drop the pork chop. Angus immediately pounces on the chop, and starts chewing away. It starts to rain.
  scarier  (a juicy pork chop) I drop the pork chop. Angus immediately pounces on the chop, and starts chewing away. It starts to rain.

turn 83  open drain with it
  run400   (the large shark hook) With a bit of effort, I manage to get the drain open with the shark hook.
  scarier  (a large shark hook) With a bit of effort, I manage to get the drain open with the shark hook.

turn 129  ask aslan about it
  run400   (the witch's magic wand) "I stole it from the witch when she wasn't looking. It's what she uses to turn people to stone."
  scarier  (the witch's magic wand) "Sorry, I don't know anything about that."

turn 151  give it to madge
  run400   (the small black cat) I hand Madge her cat. "Oh, my baby!" Madge cuddles the cat tightly - the cat's eyes bulge out slightly. "I'm so grateful, here, take this." Madge removes the amulet from around her neck, and gives it to me
  scarier  (a small black cat) I hand Madge her cat. "Oh, my baby!" Madge cuddles the cat tightly - the cat's eyes bulge out slightly. "I'm so grateful, here, take this." Madge removes the amulet from around her neck, and gives it to me

turn 211  ask her about good time
  run400   (Suzie) Suzie looks me up and down. "You're quite nice, but that's not why you're here."
  scarier  (Suzie) "Oh, that. That'll be referring to my musical talents."

(the openings differ too -- banner, graphics notice or the
 Runner's own startup lines; usually not an engine difference)
