feed        11 commands
runner      11 turns echoed
scarier     11 turns, feed[0] is scarier turn 0

RULE 2 -- every feed command was echoed.

turn 0  south
  run400   You depart to the south. Slimy Cave This naturally-formed cave is small with a low ceiling. Water drips down the eastern wall (from some unknown source) allowing the wall to become slick with an odious slime (ugh!!). You can see a vellum scroll. Possible exits: north, west and southeast. There's an awful smell coming from somewhere close by.
  scarier  You press on to the south. Slimy Cave This naturally-formed cave is small with a low ceiling. Water drips down the eastern wall (from some unknown source) allowing the wall to become slick with an odious slime (ugh!!). You can see a vellum scroll. Possible exits: north, west and southeast. There's an awful smell coming from somewhere close by.

turn 3  west
  run400   You boldly go west. Dead Boring What can one say ... a boring , boring and totally boring cave! You can see a legendary starblade. Oops! An humungus Wumpus is here! Possible exits: north, east and southwest.
  scarier  You set out to the west. Dead Boring What can one say ... a boring , boring and totally boring cave! You can see a legendary starblade. Oops! An humungus Wumpus is here! Possible exits: north, east and southwest.

turn 7  east
  run400   You head east. Slimy Cave This naturally-formed cave is small with a low ceiling. Water drips down the eastern wall (from some unknown source) allowing the wall to become slick with an odious slime (ugh!!). You can see a vellum scroll. Possible exits: north, west and southeast.
  scarier  You press on to the east. Slimy Cave This naturally-formed cave is small with a low ceiling. Water drips down the eastern wall (from some unknown source) allowing the wall to become slick with an odious slime (ugh!!). You can see a vellum scroll. Possible exits: north, west and southeast.

turn 10  climb ladder
  run400   As you struggle up the last few feet of the ladder you are greeted by the thunderous cheers of the spectators from the stands. You hold the tuft of Wumpus mane high in the air as the crowd roars its approval. You are ushered to the judge's table as an eerie hush descends around the arena. The judges take their time, examining the evidence with great care and deliberation. One by one they raise their green flags, indicating that indeed you have slain the Wumpus. Again the crowd goes wild, chanting "Cheryl, Cheryl ..." as you turn, holding the Wumpus Mane high for all to see. You have earned the right to the title of "Grand Wumpus Hunter" until the next Wumpus Run. You are escorted from the arena to enjoy the fruits of your labours ... a nice bath, an excellent meal, a fat bank account (totalling 297000 gold pieces) and a little bit (or whatever else) on the side ... [Press any key to end]
  scarier  You can't climb the rope ladder. As you struggle up the last few feet of the ladder you are greeted by the thunderous cheers of the spectators from the stands. You hold the tuft of Wumpus mane high in the air as the crowd roars its approval. You are ushered to the judge's table as an eerie hush descends around the arena. The judges take their time, examining the evidence with great care and deliberation. One by one they raise their green flags, indicating that indeed you have slain the Wumpus. Again the crowd goes wild, chanting "Cheryl, Cheryl ..." as you turn, holding the Wumpus Mane high for all to see. You have earned the right to the title of "Grand Wumpus Hunter" until the next Wumpus Run. You are escorted from the arena to enjoy the fruits of your labours ... a nice bath, an excellent meal, a fat bank account (totalling 297000 gold pieces) and a little bit (or whatever else) on the side ...

(the openings differ too -- banner, graphics notice or the
 Runner's own startup lines; usually not an engine difference)
