
> stand on the toilet
You stand on the toilet.

> look out the window
You can see Dalto far into the distance, you can't help but think about Sara. Just then, you are distracted by something glinting on the windowsill.

> get small key
You take the small key from the window sill.

> get off toilet
You get off the toilet.

> unlock chest
You unlock the chest.

> open chest
You open the chest.

> get spade
You take the spade from the chest, there is only one thing this could have been used for, and moving Joes bed confirms your suspicion. How he did this with no-one noticing is a mystery. The path to the tunnel is now open.

> goto tunnel
Moving to the tunnel...

> East
You move east.
The Tunnel
Joe built this tunnel to lead straight to the entrance of the prison, how he managed it is anyones guess. He gets credit for it though, it is supebly construted, with wooden supports. It makes it even more baffling how he did it!  First prison guard and Second prison guard are here.  Joe hits the second guard.  The first guard hits you.  The second guard hits Joe.
Arrived the tunnel.

> attack first guard
You hit the first guard with the shovel.  The first prison guard drops to the floor. YOU MOVE UP A LEVEL. Max HP/Attack/Defence go up 20pts.  Joe hits the second guard.  The second prison guard falls.

> look
The Tunnel
Joe built this tunnel to lead straight to the entrance of the prison, how he managed it is anyones guess. He gets credit for it though, it is supebly construted, with wooden supports. It makes it even more baffling how he did it!  Also here is the first guards body, the first guards uniform and the second guards body.  Joe is here.

> get first guards uniform
You pick up the first guards uniform.

> wear first guards uniform
You put on the first guards uniform.

> goto entrance
You arrive at the prison entrance.


Prison Entrance
The rception desk is to one side of the area, and guards are about everywhere.  Third prison guard is here.  

You make for the gates to freedom, when the receptionist calls you back, 'can you clock out please?' She asks. You are not sure what to do, which arouses suspicions, and another guard recognizes you, and attacks you.  Joe hits the third guard.  The third guard hits you.

> attack third guard
You hit the third guard with the shovel.  The third prison guard dies in front of you. YOU MOVE TO LEVEL 3. HP/Attack/Defence go up 30pts.  The receptionist set off the alarm, and you see guards heading toward you. The only safe stategy would be to run for the prison entrance.

> run
You run out of the prison grounds, you are now involved in a man hunt.

> catch the train
You hop on the train, and it takes you to the outskirts of Dalto. You wander in to the town square.  
Town Square (Dalto)
There is a large fountain in the middle of the square, and it has a mermaid spitting water. There are many buildings around.

Your House
Saras house
A house
Inn
Item shop
Old mans house

There is a small boy and girl playing with each other.  The train pulls up to the station.

> knock on saras door
You knock on the door, and see the curtains twich in the window. There is some commotion inside so you burst in.
SARA : Zene! What are you doing here?!
ZENE : Are you ok? I heard some banging.
SARA : Nothings up...how did you get out?

> say you escaped
SARA : YOU ESCAPED?!
ZENE : Thats about the size of it, I need to clear my name.
SARA : Escaping just makes you look even more guilty.
ZENE : I know, but I intend to prove my innocence while I'm out...

You begin to tell Sara about the dream you've been having, It may not have anything to do with anything, but it sure does freak you out.  
Saras House (Dalto)
A large cupboard stands in the corner of this one room building. It is spotless.  Joe and Sara are here.

> open cupboard doors
You fling open the doors to the cupboard, to reveal what must've been the cause of all the fuss you heard from outside. A half naked man runs from the cupboard, and straight out into the street.'I didn't know you were coming...' Sara says. 'Perhaps you should leave'

> get the set of keys
You take a set of keys from the cupboard.

> leave
You leave Saras house, and look around the square, but the man has vanished already. It looks like the very end for you and Sara, you think, as you shed a small tear.

> goto your house
Moving to your house (dalto)...

> NorthEast
You walk in to your house. Its exactly how you left it, all those months ago.
Arrived your house (dalto).

> move the bookshelf
You push the bookshelf out of the way to reveal a small hole in the wall, its big enough for you to fit through. The path to the road is now open.

> goto the road
Moving to the road...

> North
You move north.
The Road
Leads from Dalto to Winica. And back again. The two towns have been rivals for centuries, over what started as a petty quarrel. The only person in Dalto that knows about this route is you, you had no choice but to construct it when King Alfred III cut off Dalto from Winica completely. You can see some buildings

Police station
Weapon shop
Wise mans house
The bus depot

A huge monster appears from nowhere, you could fight it, but there is just enough time to escape.  A huge monster is here.  Joe hits the scary looking monster.  The scary looking monster hits you.
Arrived the road.

> escape
You run away from the monster, and end up in the police station in Winica.  Joe hits the scary looking monster.  The scary looking monster hits you.

I'm afraid you are dead!
You scored 0 out of the maximum 0!
That is 100% of the game!

[Press any key to end]
