
> south
You walk along the worn out trail until you reach the center of town.  You are in Whimsington Square.



> south
You move south.
Peabody's Grove
Small, quaint looking houses line the shaded road.  There is Mr. Beakers house,  Mrs. Peabody's house is across from that. Next to her house is Milo's, maker of  Milo's Magnificent Mystery Meat.  The tool man lives just across from him.   Burton is in front of his house, looking like he is up to no good.

> knock on peabody's door
You knock on Mrs. Peabody's door and hear a muffled, "just a minute", come from inside.  A moment later Mrs. Peabody steps outside.

"Oh, Professor Von Witt, how are you this warm day?  Is there something I can do for you?" She says, looking at you expectantly.

> ask lady about pie
"Oh, that reminds me.  I sure could use some of that fruit that is on sale down at the market.  Please be a dear and get some for me.  Here is a basket you can put it in."  She says, then slips inside for a moment to fetch the basket.  

"I'll go start preparing the crust for a pie." She enters her house and closes the door behind her.

> north
You move north.
Whimsington Square


> east
You move east.
Beaker Street Market
The Beaker Street Market is the only market in these parts.  Since the fruit festival, it has been pretty low on fruits.  You can find all sorts of other essentials, though.  A large sign above the counter lists the current items on sale, while other items are located on the shelves along the isles.  Mr. Beaker is stocking shelves nearby.

> give basket to mr beaker
"Here you go, Professor.  It's the last bunch I have ready right now. So don't waste it." He says, while filling the basket with fruit.

> take meat
You grab one of the cans of Milo's Magnificent Mystery Meat from the top of the pyramid.  Mr. Beaker quickly places another can on the top of the pyramid to replace the one that you took.

"Put it on my tab, Mr. Beaker." You direct, and he nods in agreement.

> take juice
You take a bottle of Jasper's Jazzy Jungle Juice from the shelf.  Mr. Beaker quickly puts another in the empty space on the shelf.

"I'll put it on your tab, Professor." Says Mr. Beaker.

> drink juice
You drink a bottle of Jasper's Jazzy Jungle Juice and feel quite refreshed. You dispose of the bottle, but something about the cap makes you want to save it. So you hang on to the bottle cap.

> take juice
You take a bottle of Jasper's Jazzy Jungle Juice from the shelf.  Mr. Beaker quickly puts another in the empty space on the shelf.

"I'll put it on your tab, Professor." Says Mr. Beaker.

> west
You move west.
Whimsington Square
Shelly is walking slowly, delivering the mail.

> west
You move west.
Laboratory
Your laboratory is pretty much a mess.  Scattered about are dozens of inventions that you haven't finished; and some that just don't work very well.  One of your favorite inventions is the Mailbox on-a-rope, which is by the window.

There is a open area in the middle of the room, where you like to work on larger inventions. A shelf along the wall holds more of your inventions.


> examine shelves
The shelves hold several contraptions that you have invented.  Some didn't work as well as you had hoped for.  On the shelves is a leg to stand on, a handy dandy extra hand, the sloppy jalopy, a portable doorknob and a pollen popper upper.

> take pollen popper upper
You take the pollen popper upper from the shelves.

> take hand
You take the handy dandy extra hand from the shelves.

> take leg to stand on
You take the leg to stand on from the shelves.

> take doorknob
You take the portable doorknob from the shelves.

> east
You move east.
Whimsington Square
Shelly is walking slowly, delivering the mail.

> give jasper's Jazzy Jungle Juice to shelly
"Oh, thank you, Professor.  I am sure that I have something for you.  I will get it to you as soon as I can.  Thanks again for the juice." She says, as she continues on her route.

> examine mailbox on-a Rope
Ingenious invention, it was.  It has saved you countless trips up and down the stairs of the laboratory.  It is nothing more than a hollowed out log, attached to a rope and pulley system inside the lab.  The Mailbox on-a Rope is up by the window.  The mail is inside the Mailbox on-a Rope.

> get mail from mailbox on-a rope
You take the mail from the Mailbox on-a Rope.

> get mail from Mailbox on-a Rope
There is nothing inside the Mailbox on-a Rope.

> get mail from mailbox
There is nothing inside the Mailbox on-a Rope.

> take mail
You are already carrying the mail.

> i
You are carrying the can of Milo's Magnificent Mystery Meat, a wooden basket, a bottle cap, a leg to stand on, a handy dandy extra hand, a portable doorknob, a pollen popper upper and the mail.  The used fruit is inside the wooden basket.
