
Dog catcher, v1.0 | Alexander L. Nielsen

Hey and wellcome to my first quest game.
In this game you are playing me, and your job is to find my dog (he's name is Sofus).

HAVE FUN!

You are in your bedroom.
There is your old, gray computer, bed and a long desk here.
You can go east.
You are standing in your bedroom in your house. There is a window and a bed to the north, a door to the east and a desk with a computer to the west.

> e
You are in a short corridor.
There is a large chest of drawers standing in a corner here.
You can go north, south, east or west.
You are now in a short corridor with three doores.

> e
You are in the office.
There is white cupboard here.
You can go west.
You are in the office. There is a cupboard and a desk with two computers and a phone.

> open cupboard
You open the cupboard, and find som dog biscuits.
It's a white cupboard.
It contains some small dog biscuits.

> take dog biscuits
(first removing them from cupboard)
Done.

You grab the biscuits and put them into your pocket.

> w
You are in a short corridor.
There is a large chest of drawers standing in a corner here.
You can go north, south, east or west.
You are now in a short corridor with three doores.

> s
You are in a short corridor.
There is a plastic dog basket with a white blanket here.
You can go north, east or west.
You are standing in a short corridor. To the east is a closed door, to the west is the scullery and to the south is a dog basket...

> w
You are in the scullery.
You can go south, east, west or up.
It is the scullery. There is a mirror to the north and a washing machine to the west. To the south is the front door. to the east is a corridor, and over your head, in the ceiling, is a hatch to the loft.

> s
You are in the drive.
You can go north, west, northeast or southeast.
You are in the drive. To the north is the house, and to the east is the garage and a car port.

> w
You are in the outer part of the drive.
There is a gray car here.
You can go north or east.
You are now standing on the outer part of the drive. There is a car here, but you won't examine it, you have other things to do...

> n
You are in a little section of the garden.
There is a high flagpole without a flag and a little black and white dog without leash and collar here.
You can go north or south.
You are standing in a little section of your garden. A flagpole is standing in the middle of the lawn. To the north, there is a track leading east, around the northwest corner of the house. To the east is the house, and to the south is an other part of the drive.

> use dog biscuits on dog
The dog eats the biscuits gladly...
CONGRATULATION! You've found my dog! Thank you!!!

[runner] turns=11 leftover=0 running=false WON=YES
