
Mystery Quest, v1.0 | Christian Draper

On a cold, dark night, you sit in your chair by the fire. Once again, you gaze up at the old house on the hill. Every Friday night for the past few weeks, you have seen shadows moving up there. That old man and his butler never come out of that house. It is a Saturday night and since nobody is moving around, you decide to investigate. You sneak up to the house under the guise of darkness and open the front door. You close the door and look around. Suddenly, you hear footsteps. You slip into the Living Room and hide behind a curtain. The footsteps, belonging to the butler, soon pass and die away. Now you find yourself in an unknown house, and a mission before you...

You are in The Living Room.
There is a Sofa, a Fireplace and a Painting here.
You can go east.
This is a quite fancy living room. It appears to be Victorian style.

> examine painting
It looks a little crooked.

> move painting
You move the painting to reveal a secret dumb waiter!

> examine dumb waiter
There is a rope inside which raises or lowers it.

> examine fireplace
There is a stack of sticks next to the fireplace.

> take sticks
You pick it up.

> use sticks on fireplace
You put a stick in the fire and make a torch.

> east
You are in The Hall.
You can go north, east or west.
On the left is the Living Room, on the right is the Kitchen, and to the north is the front door.

> east
You are in The Kitchen.
There is a Stove, an Ice Box and an Oven here.
You can go west.
It is an old-fashioned kitchen with before-the-times technology.

> examine stove
You see that there is some coal in the reservoir.

> take coal
You pick t up.

> west
You are in The Hall.
You can go north, east or west.
On the left is the Living Room, on the right is the Kitchen, and to the north is the front door.

> north
You are in The Front Lawn.
There is a Pickup Truck, a Birdbath and a Lawn Gnome here.
You can go to Hall.
You can go south.
It is a very unkempt lawn and hasn't been mowed in quite a while.

> open truck
You open the door to the truck and peer inside. There is a hammer on the seat.

> take hammer
You pick it up.

> use hammer on coal
You put the coal on the floor and raise the hammer above your head. Using all your might you bring the hammer down on top of the coal. It shatters and leaves in its place...A DIAMOND!!

> examine birdbath
You look under the bird bath tub and notice deep scratch marks where the tub and the pedestal connect. 

> turn birdbath
You grasp the bowl firmly and with a jolt you turn it clockwise. A trap door pops up in the ground. A secret cavern is revealed in the ground. You crawl inside...
You are in a Secret Cavern.
There is a Dumb Waiter here.
It is dark and moist.

> use diamond on dumb waiter
You put the diamond in the dumb waiter and raise it into darkness. Confirming your theory, you crawl outside and close the trap door. You open the front door and go in the living room. You move the painting and the diamond lies on the dumb waiter. So, they have been smuggling diamonds this way. The butler would take the coal, which was really just diamonds in disguise and put them in the dumb waiter. Then he would lower it down to the secret cavern where the people collected it. Very ingenious. You call the police and turn in the criminals. Congratulations on a job well done.

[runner] turns=18 leftover=0 running=false WON=YES
