
The Tavern, v1.0 | Gamer!

Welcome to this game.
In this game you will have to escape a tavern.
It might be a bit easy.

Just remember get out of the tavern!

You have just come off a ship and book yourself into a tavern. You go up to your room. As you are about to fall asleep you suddenly hear the key turning in your bedroom door! You'r trapped in your bedroom!
You are in your bedroom. You can't get out of it. You should try anyway.
There is bed, bedside table, bookshelf, book and door here.
Your bedroom is tiny! There is only a bed, a dresser, a bedside table and a bookshelf.

> punch bookshelf
Please select which bookshelf you mean:
1) a bookshelf
2) a bookshelf
[choice] 2
You punch the bookshelf and the book falls on the floor.

> take book
You take the book.

> use book on door
You hurl the book at the door. The door explodes. The book was a bomb! Suddenly your eyes widen in horror as the floor falls away and you fall into a store room!
You are in a store room. It's the emptiest room you've ever sceen!
There is door 2 here.
You can go down.

> down
You are in a basement. There is loads of helpful stuff hear. You can rumage to your heart's content.
There is pistol and cardboard box here.
You can go up.

> search box
You rumage in the box and find a key!

> take pistol
You take the pistol and put it in your pocket. Not such a gould idea but you don't die!

> up
You are in a store room. It's the emptiest room you've ever sceen!
There is door 2 here.
You can go down.

> use key on door
You use the key on the door and it swings open. You walk into the tavern and see the pirate who locked you in the room.
"I knew you would make it."
"Is that a good thing or a bad thing" You say.
"bad because your going to die."
You are in Tavern.
There is pirate here.

> use gun on pirate
You shoot the pirate. He slumps over a table. You run from the tavern into the cool night air.
You run down the street. You find your crue.
"we heard a pistol shot."
"Yah I shot a mad pirate who locked me in my hotel room."
"You shot the pirate assassin?"
"who's the pirate assassin?"
"He locks people in there rooms with bombs."
"Yah I shot him."

 You and your crue sail to your hometown's. You all become famous. You become a hero.

You win!!!
[runner] turns=9 leftover=0 running=false WON=YES
