Loading game...

Aegis

Introduction

()
|________ /((()))\ ________|
|{}{}{}__\ \_*_/ /__{}{}{}|
|.......--- )))---\.^./---((( ---.......|
|......\\\...}..|..|..{...///.......|
X....\\\..|.~}{~.|..///....X
~/////|..............\\\.|..|.///..............|\\\\\~
//\..............=[.V.]=............../\\
\|{~}..........|..|..........{~}|/
\}{..........|..|..........}{/
`\(].......|..|.......[)/'
`\{}..|..|..{}/'
`\()| |()/'
`-.*.-`
'
Aegis
   by Jacqueline Huber

1.) About the game.

2.) Start playing now.

> 2
"...to hand out justice and mercy in balanced measures, to uphold the law of
Greatwater and of its Council, and above all to never tarnish the honor of
the Aegis that I hold and swear all this by."

Still gripping the great, ancient shield that is the symbol of your order,
you slowly rise from your knees to the applause of the assembled members of
the Aegis Guard as you complete the last lines of the oath, beaming with
pride in the knowledge that you have successfully completed your four years
of apprenticeship and are now one of them.

Elder Hanawi approaches in his usual careful, dignified manner, silencing the
cheers with a glance and taking the shield from you, swaying unsteadily a
moment under its weight and then handing it to Guardmaster Cayrith, who
reverently returns it to its place on the wall. Then the Elder turns towards
you once again, lifting the feathered bronze helm and buckler which are
traditional of the Guard, making the wearer instantly recognizable as a force
of good and justice wherever they go.

"As the oldest living member of this Order, it is my...glad duty to welcome
the newest. Celise Stonesong, take these, and wear them always with...with
the pride befitting a member of the Aegis Guard."

"I will, sir, and thank you."

"Now that you have reached the rank of journeyman," Hanawi continues, "you
will be issued a mount of your own. Go to the stables and speak to my nephew
Janai when you are ready."

Great Eyrie
The Great Eyrie is a large circular platform surrounded by rails, resting on
a pillar towering high over the water and looking more than anything like the
crow's nest of a giant ship.  Drakes perch here and there along the rails,
and if you look towards the shore you can see several more dotting the sandy
cove before the Council Hall. Except for the shrine that houses the Aegis,
this place is usually bare of furnishings, but it seems today someone
actually managed to get a long table up here, laden with refreshments for
after the ceremony.
Elder Hanawi is here, seemingly lost in his thoughts.  Cayrith is here.
Manaao is here.  Niowi is here.  Several of your fellow Guards are here.

> go to the stables
After some time spent enjoying small talk, congratulations, and toasts to
your success, you catch a ride from the Great Eyrie--only accessible by
air--down to the stables to finally receive your own drake, your head still
whirling from the day's events.

Drake Stables
Sunlight streams in through the tall windows of these spacious stables,
always kept open in good weather to catch the breeze off the cove. Ladders
placed at intervals along the walls allow access to dozing drakes in
hay-filled lofts, while you can see others playing on the shore through the
open doors to the east. For drakes that may be needed more immediately by
their riders, a row of tethering posts stands on each side of the west door
leading to the Council Hall, saddles and gear hung nearby in neat rows.
Janai is here humming a tune to himself while he works.

> talk to Janai
At the sound of your voice Janai looks up and flashes you his trademark grin.
"Celise! Or is it Journeyman now? Er...Journeywoman? I didn't expect you back
from the ceremony so soon. I don't blame you for being in a hurry to see your
drake, though, so let me introduce you to Oxblood."

Producing a shiny brass whistle from a pouch at his waist, he produces a
clear, flute-like note on it, then tosses it to you. "I know you must have
seen the other Guards use these, but this one's yours. Just blow on it to
call your drake if you need to saddle him, or need him in a hurry for some
other reason."

He's barely finished speaking when there's a trilling sound at the door to
the Cove, not unlike the one made by the whistle, and a large brownish-red
drake comes bounding in, rubbing its head under Janai's hand and then coming
over to sniff at you curiously.

"And this is Oxblood," Janai says with a little laugh. "As you can see he's a
big fellow, but perfectly friendly. I'm sure he'll warm up to you in no
time."

Gesturing at the gear hanging from the walls, he continues. "Why don't you go
ahead and saddle Oxblood? And if he takes to that okay you could try a test
flight."

> saddle Oxblood
You take the saddle from the wall and approach the big drake. Oxblood lays
his ears back and eyes you uncertainly, starting to scoot backwards. "It's
okay, boy," you say in a reassuring voice, grabbing at his halter and
managing to sort of toss the saddle over his back. Immediately he collapses
with a whuffing sound.

Looking around for help from Janai, you instead find him red-faced from
choking back laughter behind you, so you only roll your eyes and turn back to
the stubborn drake, first tugging at the reins to try and get him to stand,
and then when that fails half straddling him and struggling to get at the
straps that need to be buckled at his stomach and chest while he twists his
long neck around to eye you quizzically, then attempts to eat your hair.

Finally managing to secure the last one, you give it a tug to make sure it's
tight, at which point Oxblood stands up on his own, shaking himself all over
and swishing his tail.

"Good, good," says Janai, who finally seems to have managed to get ahold of
himself. "Great job! You're a natural."

Oxblood snorts loudly, pretty much summing up your thoughts on that as well.

"Now, go ahead and mount Oxblood."

> mount Oxblood
This time Oxblood stands still and appears rather docile as you approach him,
even lifting his wings out of your way. Relieved to finally get some
cooperation (or at least not to be embarrassed further in front of Janai) you
put your left boot in the stirrup and start to swing yourself up...only for
the suddenly loose saddle to twist towards you and send you off balance, the
seat ending up hanging from the drake's belly and your seat ending up
painfully on the ground in an undignified manner.

Janai is laughing hard now, and Oxblood gurgles and trills, arching his neck
to examine you quizzically. Climbing to your feet, you dust yourself off and
give an exasperated look first at one, then the other.

"Those straps were tight just a minute ago! I checked them, I was sure--" you
start to protest, but Janai interrupts, still chuckling in between gasps for
air. "I know, I know you did...Oxblood must have held his breath to puff his
sides out.  They have huge lungs you know, that's how they stay underwater so
long when they're looking for food. I had a feeling he was going to do that,
when he gave you so much trouble with the saddling..."

You roll your eyes. "Thanks for the warning."

"Sorry, sorry...I know I should have said something, but this is seriously my
favorite thing about initiating new Guards." He laughs again, shaking his
head and unbuckling the now tangled straps of the saddle and harness.
"Seriously though, you've been a much better sport about it than they usually
are, so I'll let you in on a secret. Drakes love fresh fish, and as you can
see, Oxblood here loves them more than most." He pokes the drake's side
affectionately to emphasize his point. "So if you were to run down to the
Market and buy him a herring or something, I'm sure he'd warm right up to you
and let you saddle him properly."

> west
You move west.

Council Hall
Your footsteps echo on the marble floor of this spacious meeting hall. Wooden
benches and various historical paintings line the walls, and an enormous
embroidered rug stretches from a fountain in the center of the room to a low
platform and podium against the far wall, with an elaborate map of Greatwater
pinned up behind it. The entire Council Hall building---formerly the Aegis
Hall--is in fact much larger, encompassing the barracks and private living
quarters in separate wings as well as the armory and dungeon just down the
stairs, but this is the main room where the guardsmembers generally meet,
discussing the latest news and receiving missions.

A pair of wide double doors open out to the rest of the city to the west, and
a long hall east leads to the stables.

> west
You move west.

Market
The market square is crowded with stalls of all kinds, their bright colors
competing to draw the eye. The smells of fish, spices, and perfumes mingle
here, and under it all the salty tang of the ocean, carried by a welcome,
cooling breeze that swirls sand around the feet of the crowd and the base of
the large central fountain. The Council Hall is back to the east.

A fish seller has set up his cart near the entrance to the docks to the
north.

> buy blueback herring from the fisherman
Taking a piece of copper from your purse, you buy the largest blueback from
the smiling fisherman and wish him good day.

> east
You move east.

Council Hall
Your footsteps echo on the marble floor of this spacious meeting hall. Wooden
benches and various historical paintings line the walls, and an enormous
embroidered rug stretches from a fountain in the center of the room to a low
platform and podium against the far wall, with an elaborate map of Greatwater
pinned up behind it. The entire Council Hall building---formerly the Aegis
Hall--is in fact much larger, encompassing the barracks and private living
quarters in separate wings as well as the armory and dungeon just down the
stairs, but this is the main room where the guardsmembers generally meet,
discussing the latest news and receiving missions.

A pair of wide double doors open out to the rest of the city to the west, and
a long hall east leads to the stables.

> east
You move east.

Drake Stables
Sunlight streams in through the tall windows of these spacious stables,
always kept open in good weather to catch the breeze off the cove. Ladders
placed at intervals along the walls allow access to dozing drakes in
hay-filled lofts, while you can see others playing on the shore through the
open doors to the east. For drakes that may be needed more immediately by
their riders, a row of tethering posts stands on each side of the west door
leading to the Council Hall, saddles and gear hung nearby in neat rows.
Janai is here humming a tune to himself while he works.  Oxblood is here.

> feed the blueback herring to Oxblood
Oxblood's head snaps forward and he gulps the fish down happily, shuffling at
your fingers hopefully for more. He really seems to like you now!

"See, what'd I tell you? Now go ahead and try saddling him again."

> saddle Oxblood
Lo and behold, the drake actually holds still and doesn't try and tricks
while you strap the saddle on. It's amazing what a little bribery can do.

> mount Oxblood
Stepping again into the stirrup, you test it against your weight a moment and
then swing into the saddle. Except for Oxblood being quite a bit wider in the
middle, this time it's just like all those times you practiced on old retired
drakes as an apprentice.

"Great!" Janai exclaims, beaming. "Now..." Stepping closer, he starts to give
you a couple of pointers, but the lesson is interrupted by Cayrith's arrival.

"Ah, Journeyman Celise, already mounted up, I see?" The guardmaster smiles at
the both of you. "That's good...in fact, I was hoping I could get you to fly
out on a little mission for me."

"A mission, already?"

Cayrith nods. "Yes...I know normally I'd go out with you for the first few,
but this is fairly straightforward, and I'm going to have my hands full for
the next couple of days." He smiles without amusement. "For some reason the
Council Lord thought it would be a good idea to send in an outland elf to act
as a diplomat, and--"

"Oh, that reminds me!" Janai breaks in. "All right, so an elf, a pirate, and
a high-class whore walk into a pub, and the pirate starts--"

This time it's Cayrith's turn to cut him off. "Yes, yes, thank you Janai. I
can see you find elves amusing, but I can assure you your uncle does not, and
neither do most of the other ranking Guards, and so it falls to me to sit on
the nest and try and keep everyone's feathers as unruffled as possible."

Sighing a little, he turns back to you. "Anyway, all this is is a simple
search and rescue. There's apparently a man stranded on a rock out there.
The, ahem...lady...sailor..." The way he phrased the last two words made it
clear he was doubtful of both. "...who made the report gave pretty exact
directions, so just fly due north from the Cove a ways and you ought to spot
it."

"Okay, so just fly north from the Cove, then land and rescue the man?" You
shrug. "Sounds simple enough. Don't worry, I can handle it."

Cayrith smiles. "Thanks Celise, I knew I could count on you."

> east
You move east.

Drake Cove
A wide, sandy cove where the Guards' drakes are often allowed loose to sun
themselves, swim and play. The great white pillar of the Eyrie rises from the
water to the east.

> fly
At your command Oxblood crouches down, powerful muscles tensing, then springs
in the air with you clinging tightly to his halter, beating his wings rapidly
and stretching his neck forward, huffing and puffing but slowly gaining
altitude. Soon the clumsiness the drake exhibits on the ground is completely
gone, and you're both gliding smoothly in a lazy circle high above the Cove,
the Great Eyrie to the east and open ocean to the north and south.

> fly north
You fly north over the unchanging ocean for quite a ways, but finally spot
what looks like the small island Cayrith described to you off to your left,
and nudge Oxblood that way until you're circling over it.

> land
You indicate that you want to land, and Oxblood obliges by angling his wings
back in a sudden dive, flapping them a few times to check your descent only
when you're alarmingly close to the ground and landing with a bone-jarring
whump.

You shake your head to clear it, patting his neck absentmindedly as you look
around.

Rocky Island
A bleak strip of rock and sand, hardly large enough to be called an island,
without the hospitality of so much as a single scraggly palm. A barrel and a
few other miscellaneous items have been strewn about next to a makeshift
canvas tent.
You hear loud snoring, and a man's booted feet are visible sticking out from
a makeshift tent.

> talk to sailor
You clear your throat loudly. Then, "Hello, sir?"

No response.

"Ah, sir? WAKE UP!"

You're just about to dismount and try something else, when Oxblood, ever
helpful, extends his neck, curiously sniffs at the man's boots, then chomps
down on one and gives it a vigorous shake.

"Yeeeeow!" The sailor wakes kicking and cursing, for a moment becoming
tangled up in his own tent as he sits bolt upright. Finally pulling himself
free of the ragged canvas, he stares at you a moment in gape-mouthed
astonishment, then scrambles to his feet, grinning widely.

"Well I'll be blessed if it ain't a Guard! Never thought I'd be glad to see
one o' you folks, even if ye are a right purty lass...for a moment there I
thought you was one o' them hallucer'ations!" He shakes his head sadly,
looking around. "Wouldn't surprise me one bit to find myself goin' off the
deep end, what wit' being abandoned on this sorry rock wit' nuttin but water
to drink. Bein' left to die sober is a 'orrible fate, just 'orrible! It must
be 'Laasi's own luck you ever managed to find me out here, but you're here to
rescue me, ain't ye?" He looks at you hopefully.

You nod. "Yes sir, Mister...er..."

"Gorrister, they call me! At your service, miss Guard lady!" He gives an
enthusiastic salute.

Unable to keep from smiling a little at that, you nod again. "Well, my name
is Celise, and yes, I'm here to rescue you. It seems that one of your friends
made a report about you being stranded here, and.."

"Friends? Pah!" Gorrister spits on the ground distastefully. "The only one's
that'd know I's out here is the bunch o' greedy thieves that marooned me in
the first place! Wait till you hear what they're up to...serve them jus'
right to get ratted out to the blasted Guard. But get me outta here first,
won't ye lass?"

> rescue the man
It takes a little coaxing before Oxblood is willing to allow the man to
clamber into the saddle behind you, but drakes are trained to carry two
riders precisely for situations like this, so he doesn't give you that much
trouble, which is just as well because you're a long way from anyone selling
fresh herrings this time.

"All right, flying can be a little unsettling at first if you're not used to
it, but just stay still and hold on to me," you tell Gorrister as the three
of you take off, then frown a bit as he seems almost a little too willing to
oblige you on that last part...considering where his hands are, it's a good
thing you're wearing armor.

On the way back to the city, he's equally eager to talk about the two men and
the woman who were his former companions, so you mostly remain silent and
just listen while he tells you all about the "worthless no-good backstabbin'
cowards", going into their past crimes in amazing detail considering his
insistance that he was just "an honest sailor workin' hard fer his wages 'til
those gold-grubbin' sharks tried to draw him into a bad business" the merest
suggestion of which of course he was appalled by and refused to have any part
of, leading to his marooning.

"Aye, and make no mistake of it, they'll be strikin' again tonight! There's a
warehouse in the old part o' the docks, and we---er, they got word there's
gonna be a whole shipment o' fine steel blades there, and're all set to lift
it. Got a buyer lined up an' everything...probably imag'nin how they're going
to spend the gold right as we speak. I tell you lass, short of a bottle o'
rum, right now there ain't nothin' I'd like better'n seein' those fools get
their night ruined by you an' yer friends."

The man's questionable motives aside, the information on the planned
warehouse robbery sounds like it'd be worth passing on, and you suppose you'd
better talk to Cayrith about the thieves as soon as you see him again.

Finally reaching the city, you land at the marketplace at Gorrister's
insistance, where he thanks you profusely, then scuttles off to the nearest
pub, no doubt to make up for all that water he was forced to drink the last
few days.

Shaking your head and leading Oxblood to the stables, you hand him over to
Janai to unsaddle and turn loose while you muse over the new information
you've learned.

> west
You move west.

Council Hall
Your footsteps echo on the marble floor of this spacious meeting hall. Wooden
benches and various historical paintings line the walls, and an enormous
embroidered rug stretches from a fountain in the center of the room to a low
platform and podium against the far wall, with an elaborate map of Greatwater
pinned up behind it. The entire Council Hall building---formerly the Aegis
Hall--is in fact much larger, encompassing the barracks and private living
quarters in separate wings as well as the armory and dungeon just down the
stairs, but this is the main room where the guardsmembers generally meet,
discussing the latest news and receiving missions.

A pair of wide double doors open out to the rest of the city to the west, and
a long hall east leads to the stables.
Cayrith is here.

> talk to Cayrith
The guardmaster wrinkles his brow thoughtfully as you relate the information
you received from Gorrister.

"Hmm, talkative fellow, wasn't he? I guess we shouldn't be surprised, though.
You know what they say about honor among thieves." Cayrith sighs, frowning a
little. "Since there are so many weapons involved I do think this warrants
the Guard's attention, but we are just stretched so thin here at the
moment...I'm stuck here with Council duties and babysitting that elf, and
right after the ceremony this morning apparently the Elder felt the need to
send most of our journeymen out on long missions, after he's already been
keeping half the senior guardmasters busy with non-stop meetings for days.
I'm sure he has his reasons, but I really wish he'd consulted with me or one
of the others before..." Here he stops himself, biting his lip; you know that
no one likes to openly criticize Elder Hanawi, or at any rate Cayrith
probably feels it's innappropriate to do so in front of a mere journeyman.

Shaking his head, he continues. "...anyway, the point is we barely have
enough Guards available to cover the patrols right now. As much as it pains
me to say it, we're probably going to have to let this warehouse thing go.
Unless..." The guardmaster pauses, looking at you appraisingly. "Celise, do
you think you'd be up to going to the docks tonight to arrest these thieves?
Once again, I know you're not really supposed to be going on solo missions
yet, and this could be significantly more dangerous than a simple rescue
mission, but short of just looking the other way while those swords go off to
who knows what sort of pirates I don't see that we have many other options."

"Don't worry sir, I'm sure I can handle a few thieves," you say confidently.
Or at least you hope you can...

"Excellent Celise, and thank you. Now why don't you go get a little rest
until nightfall, and I'll let Janai know you'll be picking up Oxblood."

After cleaning up and taking a nap, you awake refreshed, strap on your armor
and make your way back down to the Hall, excitement and a little nervousness
coursing through your veins at the thought of your first real mission.

> east
You move east.

Drake Stables
Moonlight streams in through the tall windows of these spacious stables,
always kept open in good weather to catch the breeze off the cove. Ladders
placed at intervals along the walls allow access to dozing drakes in
hay-filled lofts, while doors open to the cove to the east. For drakes that
may be needed more immediately by their riders, a row of tethering posts
stands on each side of the west door leading to the Council Hall, saddles and
gear hung nearby in neat rows.
Janai is here humming a tune to himself while he works.  Oxblood is here,
tied to a post.

> untie Oxblood
"I went ahead and saddled him up," Janai says as you struggle to make your
drake hold still long enough to untie him from the post. "Of course I suppose
you won't need to actually ride him anywhere if all goes well, but better
safe than sorry."

The knot comes loose, and Oxblood shakes himself all over and makes a beeline
for the open door to the Cove; you brace yourself and hang on with all your
might to keep from being dragged along.

"Those thieves are probably cowards, but just the same, be careful!" Giving a
cheerful wave punctuated by a huge yawn, Janai starts towards the opposite
set of doors. "Anyway, it's waaaay past my bedtime, so I'll see you in the
morning. Just leave Oxblood in the stable when you get back, and good luck!"

You barely have time to say acknowledge the sentiment before you're yanked
outside. The frisky drake seems even more excited by the prospect of a solo
nighttime mission than you are, and it takes some time to get him under
control, but by the time you leave the Aegis grounds he follows you along the
street towards the marketplace sedately enough.

> north
Leading Oxblood by the halter, you move quickly along from one dark pier to
another, walking by a passed out drunk, and here and there a couple of shady
characters doing business and a lady of...questionable virtue hanging outside
the door of a houseboat turned gambling den, but as can be expected, no one
going about their business this late wants to have anything to do with a
member of the Guard and you are left well alone.

Finally reaching the abandoned stretch of pier indicated by Gorrister, you
hear quiet, urgent voices coming from the warehouse up ahead and quickly duck
behind a pile of old crates, tugging Oxblood down next to you, before peeking
back out to get an idea of where the thieves are and how to deal with them.

You hear a splash behind you.

> examine netting
A tangled pile of netting, most of it damaged past repair.   An old net is
inside the pile of netting.
Oxblood raises his head from the water and tugs on the edge of your cloak.

> get net
You take the old net from the pile of netting.

> mount Oxblood
Slipping as silently as possible over the edge of the pier and into the
water, you manuever yourself onto Oxblood's back and quietly urge him
forward. He seems to get the general idea of what you want and obligingly
swims along toward the anchored boat and its single guard, the water slapping
against the wooden posts and echoing beneath the pier disguising the sound of
his approach.

Drawing up alongside the boat, right behind the thief keeping watch, you feel
your muscles tensing as you prepare to make your move. At the moment the man
is looking away from you, towards the warehouse, but you can't hope to stay
undetected for long...

> throw net at thief
Springing into action, you hurl the net up and towards the thief, starting to
clamber up onto the even before it lands. The man lets out a shout, dropping
his lantern, which shatters on impact and flares up while he struggles to
free himself. Wasting no time, you grab hold of one of the net's trailing
cords and yank hard, sending him crashing to the ground.

You hear cursing and footsteps pounding on the wood behind you, and though
you fling yourself quickly to one side you still catch a blow against your
right shoulder as the second thief swings a heavy board at you. Stunned a
moment, you fumble for your sword with a momentarily numb and unresponsive
hand. Luckily, the blow seems to have sent your attacker off balance as well,
and before he can steady himself Oxblood explodes out of the water with a
terrible snarl, hurling himself bodily onto the thief and pinning him to the
ground...where he proceeds to lick his face, seemingly blissfully unaware
that all the nasty words the man is uttering are directed at him.

Recovering enough to draw your sword now, you whirl around to face the last
thief, the girl, in the light from the burning lamp oil. She has a sword of
her own, and looks like she'd started to follow her partner in charging at
you, but draws up short as you lock eyes with her, apparently not liking the
prospect of a fair fight now that any chance of surprise is gone. Taking in
the state of her companions in a quick glance, she instead spins on her heels
and is racing off through the dark, mazelike docks almost before you can
react.

Doing a little cursing of your own now, you start to give chase, then
regretfully stop yourself and return your attention to the other two thieves,
knowing it won't be long until at least the one in the net gets loose, and
not wanting to leave Oxblood alone. It seems for now you'll just have to
settle for arresting two out of three.

> arrest the thieves
Still muttering a bit under your breath about the one who got away, you
quickly tie up the captured thieves, ignoring their insults while you move
their stolen merchandise back into the warehouse, then knock a hole in the
bottom of their boat for good measure. One of the crates inside has been
cracked open, but you can't really tell if any of the swords are missing, so
you scribble out a quick note to the owner and then block the door shut.

Making your way slowly back to the Council Hall, prisoners in tow, you hand
the two now sullen men over to the guard in the dungeon, then strip Oxblood
of his gear in the stables, giving him a friendly pat goodnight before making
your way to your own room where you immediately fall into an exhausted
sleep...

Something shines against the impossible blue of the heavens...

...from far overhead, it begins its slow descent.

Spinning and winking in the sunlight, a bright coin...

...closer now. Larger. There's no denying what it is.

It is the ancient shield...

...the sky darkens. The earth rises up.

The shield strikes the ground...

...from somewhere in the deep, an unearthly cry.

There is blood on the rocks...

...the Aegis is sundered.

Sundered

the Aegis is

Sundered

You awaken with a start, drenched in sweat.

The dream is vivid in your mind, and despite the late morning sun shining in
through your window, it's difficult to shake the lingering feelings of dread
and uneasiness.

Shaking your head briskly in an attempt to clear it, you splash your face
with water, get dressed and make your way downstairs.

The Elder Hanawi is standing in a shaft of sunlight in the Council Hall,
gazing at a painting and seemingly deep in thought. With half a mind to go
down to the dungeon and check on your prisoners, you try to make your way
past without disturbing him, but he glances up suddenly and stops you.
"Celise. I have an important mission for you today. Be sure to speak to me
about it in a bit."

> down
You move down.

Dungeon
A long hallway lined with torches leads past a row of holding cells where
prisoners are kept to await their trials. This dungeon is very old, one of
the only parts of the original building still remaining. The emergency armory
is in a vault at the far end, and stairs lead up to the Council Hall.

That's odd, you don't see the two thieves you arrested anywhere.
Cayrith is here.

> up
You move up.

Council Hall
Your footsteps echo on the marble floor of this spacious meeting hall. Wooden
benches and various historical paintings line the walls, and an enormous
embroidered rug stretches from a fountain in the center of the room to a low
platform and podium against the far wall, with an elaborate map of Greatwater
pinned up behind it. The entire Council Hall building---formerly the Aegis
Hall--is in fact much larger, encompassing the barracks and private living
quarters in separate wings as well as the armory and dungeon just down the
stairs, but this is the main room where the guardsmembers generally meet,
discussing the latest news and receiving missions.

A pair of wide double doors open out to the rest of the city to the west, and
a long hall east leads to the stables.
Elder Hanawi is here, seemingly lost in his thoughts.

> talk to the Elder
The Elder nods. "Yes Journeyman, I have a special task for you. I'd like you
to fly out to the Spear Islands and look for signs of pirate activity or
other threats. I don't expect you to actually confront any if you see them,
of course...just make a note of it. Be sure to do a careful sweep of the
area...oh, three times or so, just to be sure."

"I, ah...of course, Elder," you say, hoping your lack of enthusiasm for what
sounds like a very long, thankless job isn't too obvious. "But...won't that
take several days?" And aren't there already Guards whose job it is to run
patrols and make reports? Guards who might be better at spotting those sorts
of problems in the first place? This last you can't help but think, but are
too polite to say.

"Yes, it will. There's a trading post one one of the islands...the man who
runs it is a friend to the Guard, he'll be willing to set you up with a place
to sleep. And go ahead and get a full report of any unusual happenings among
the natives, as long as you're staying with him." He looks at you sharply.
"You should be gone four or five days at least, is that understood?"

"Yes... yes sir," you answer with a little sigh. Of course you knew being a
defender of the Aegis wouldn't always be a glamorous or exciting job, but
this just seems so pointlessly dull...and vague...and not to mention
redundant, when you know for a fact there's already a regular patrol that
goes out to the same area.

> west
You move west.

Market
The market square is crowded with stalls of all kinds, their bright colors
competing to draw the eye. The smells of fish, spices, and perfumes mingle
here, and under it all the salty tang of the ocean, carried by a welcome,
cooling breeze that swirls sand around the feet of the crowd and the base of
the large central fountain. The Council Hall is back to the east.

A fish seller has set up his cart near the entrance to the docks to the
north.

> buy blueback herring from the fisherman
Taking a piece of copper from your purse, you buy the largest blueback from
the smiling fisherman, and are in the midst of wishing him good day when your
gaze drifts past his shoulder and you freeze.

On the dock behind him, the thief that escaped you last night is having an
animated discussion with a boatseller. "--know it's not your fault, Havasa,
just bad luck and all," the man is saying, "but I can't just set you up with
another boat when you four still owed me for over half the first one,
'specially when you tell me Gorrister and the others is out of the picture
now...that'd just be bad business. Come back when you got a way to pay me."

The thief--Havasa, you now know--leans over the stall and continues the
argument in a low voice while you start to move towards her, hoping to catch
her by surprise.

> catch Havasa
Luckily the two seem too engrossed in their discussion to notice your
approach as you thread your way through the crowd.

"--well, when you put it that way, how can I say no?" the boatseller is
saying, seeming to have relented somewhat.

You're almost within reach of the thief now, and the topic seems to have
switched to what time the man's wife will be out of the house. Charming.

"Sorry," you say sweetly, interrupting. "But Havasa here's got a date with
the magistrate first."

The man looks up, startled, but the thief doesn't even take the time to turn
around before ducking around the stall and starting to dart away. After last
night you were expecting her to run, however, and lunge after her, managing
to get a grip on her collar before she has a chance to lose herself in the
crowd. Kicking her hard on the back of one knee, you knock her to the ground
and remove the sword from her belt, glancing up briefly to note that the man
she was 'bargaining' with has disappeared, along with most of the crowd in
the general vicinity.

"Hey, hey, hold on now! I ain't done nothin' wrong, you're makin' a
mistake..." the thief starts to protest as you tie her hands behind her back.

"Really? You mean you weren't loading crates of stolen weapons onto your boat
with two accomplices last night?"

"Hmph. 'Course not. Why would I do a thing like that? I was nowhere 'round
the docks at all."

Smiling, you hold out her confiscated blade and twirl it a bit in front of
her, making sure she can see the imprint on the handle, which of course
matches the one on every other sword that had been in the open crate at the
warehouse. "Are you sure about that, now?"

She only glares at you sullenly, so you shrug and haul her to her feet.
"Thought so."

***********

The lock of the cell door clicks in place, and Cayrith gives you a friendly
slap on the shoulder. "Great job, Celise! Once again." He smiles. "Looks like
we'll get to question this one, at least. Hopefully we can figure out who the
buyer was supposed to be for those swords."

> question Havasa
"All right, ma'am," Cayrith says, turning to the prisoner. "The journeyman
here has some questions she'd like to ask you, and I suggest you answer
them."

You're a little startled at that. Cayrith is the one with experience in these
situations, you'd only expected to observe, and maybe assist. You suppose
he's thinking it will be a good way for you to learn, though.

"Who were you and your...friends intending to sell those blades to? You might
as well talk, there's no point in protecting them now," you say, trying to
sound confident and sure of yourself.

Havasa, for her part, just looks bored.

"Look, we don't care half as much about you stealing them as we do about who
wanted them and why." You still get no answer, and steal a quick glance at
Cayrith for help, but he seems content to let you continue handling things.

"If you'll just cooperate, I'm sure we can convince the magistrate to go easy
on you."

"Oh, is that so?" Havasa finally says, sounding almost amused. "Why didn't
you jus' say so then? 'Cause I've never heard that line before." Ignoring you
and looking at Cayrith now, she continues, "I really would like to help, you
know, but 'convincin' the magistrate' is a bit...vague, don't you think?"

Cayrith nods, with a somewhat amused smile of his own. "Well, all right then,
Miss, since you're just so eager to do the right thing here, how does this
sound? You were arrested with a stolen sword in your possession. Tell me
about the buyer--and I mean details--and I will have you charged with
stealing exactly one sword. Believe me, it's a much better deal than any of
your friends have gotten. So...do we have an agreement?"

The thief smiles, catching your eye and nodding at Cayrith. "See, now this
fellow is good at his job."

***********

Havasa spends some time telling the two of you all about the men who had
hired her companions to steal a large number of weapons, though of course in
her version she had absolutely nothing to do with locating the shipment
they'd decided to target or making any of the plans. The buyers--a crew of
pirates, unsurprisingly, and nasty ones that Cayrith said he'd had dealings
with before--were supposed to have been met tonight out at a certain island
they were anchored near to make the transaction, and apparently were planning
something big for tomorrow just before dawn.

"Something big? Like what?"

"...I dunno."

"I think you do. And don't expect me to keep up my end of the deal if you lie
to me..."

A deep sigh. "All right, look, I might've overheard somethin' about an attack
on...someplace, that they were sayin' wasn't gonna be protected real well for
the next few days...but I don't know where they meant, of course."

Cayrith gives her a hard look. "You mean an attack on the city?"

She looks away, her eyes narrowing. "I just said I don't know anything about
that."

"...of course you don't. But I happen to know this wouldn't be the first time
their captain made plans for it. How many cannons did they have?"

"I don't know...a lot. More than usual. They wanted powder too, but we never
did find a good chance to get some."

Cayrith turns to you. "Celise, I know you were given a mission by the Elder,
but can you come and check this out with me first? Right now with the Guard
stretched so thin, I feel like it would be dangerous to just wait and see
with this."

"I...sure, if you think they're actually planning on attacking here," you
say, though you can hardly imagine such a thing. It's been years since a
pirate was bold enough to target the city, protected as it is by the Aegis.

"I don't know for certain, but I can't take any chances. I'd like to strike
first and make sure they're not in any position to attack anyone, if we can.
I'm going right now to try and round up anyone else who might be able to help
on short notice...there's no time to waste though, so just fly south from the
Cove, and I'll meet you on the way."

Cayrith starts quickly for the stairs, then pauses and turns to the prisoner.
"Oh, and Miss Havasa? Those pirates that wanted you all to meet them at an
uninhabited island in the middle of nowhere? I know those pirates. They would
have just killed you and friends taken the swords before they paid you a
copper for them...or, well, I suppose they might have found a reason to keep
you around for a little while, but eventually..." He shakes his head. "Just
be a bit more careful who you deal with in the future, all right?"

Turning again, he takes the stairs two at a time and is quickly out the door.
You suppose you'd better hurry as well.

> up
You move up.

Council Hall
Your footsteps echo on the marble floor of this spacious meeting hall. Wooden
benches and various historical paintings line the walls, and an enormous
embroidered rug stretches from a fountain in the center of the room to a low
platform and podium against the far wall, with an elaborate map of Greatwater
pinned up behind it. The entire Council Hall building---formerly the Aegis
Hall--is in fact much larger, encompassing the barracks and private living
quarters in separate wings as well as the armory and dungeon just down the
stairs, but this is the main room where the guardsmembers generally meet,
discussing the latest news and receiving missions.

A pair of wide double doors open out to the rest of the city to the west, and
a long hall east leads to the stables.
Elder Hanawi is here, seemingly lost in his thoughts.

> east
You move east.

Drake Stables
Sunlight streams in through the tall windows of these spacious stables,
always kept open in good weather to catch the breeze off the cove. Ladders
placed at intervals along the walls allow access to dozing drakes in
hay-filled lofts, while you can see others playing on the shore through the
open doors to the east. For drakes that may be needed more immediately by
their riders, a row of tethering posts stands on each side of the west door
leading to the Council Hall, saddles and gear hung nearby in neat rows.

> call Oxblood
You produce a clear note on the whistle, and a few of moments later Oxblood
comes bounding up to just outside the door of the stable. He snuffles
hopefully at your fingers, the locates the blueback and grabs it from you,
momentarily distracted enough to let you grab him by the halter and lead him
inside while he gobbles it down.

> mount Oxblood
You quickly strap on Oxblood's saddle and other gear while he sniffs around
for more treats, taking a moment to double check everything before hopping
onto his back.

> east
You move east.

Drake Cove
A wide, sandy cove where the Guards' drakes are often allowed loose to sun
themselves, swim and play. The great white pillar of the Eyrie rises from the
water to the east.

> up
You move up.

Flying Above Cove
Oxblood is gliding smoothly high above the Cove, the Great Eyrie to the east
and open ocean to the north and south.

> fly south
You point Oxblood south in an easy glide, and soon enough Cayrith catches up
to you, followed by Manaao and his Niowi.

"I hope the four of us will be enough, if we run into any major trouble," he
says, but a part of you is glad he only brought those two, since out of all
guardmasters, other than Cayrith himself they're the only ones you would
consider friends and are the most comfortable working with.

"Do ye think we should have gotten young Janai to saddle up and join us?"
Manaao asks.

"I actually considered it, but I needed him to explain to the Elder where we
were going, and to alert the leaders of the city militia to be on the lookout
for trouble. And besides, you know how he is about flying..."

"Aye, I suppose you're right."

Making small talk over the sound of rushing wind and beating wings is
difficult at best, so the rest of the flight is spent in silence. Gliding low
over the water as you approach your destination, the three of you touch down
in a small, heavily forested cove south of the island and make your way
carefully to shore, scanning the trees for signs of ambush. After a bit of
discussion, Niowi gets back in her saddle and takes to flight, following the
curve of the shore around out of sight, and then quickly returning.

"They're anchored just off shore, right across the island from us," she says.
It's a good thing we came in low or we would have been spotted for sure."

******

After more discussion, the four of you make a sheltered, fireless camp to
await the coming of night, where it's agreed the guardmasters will attack the
ship, creating a diversion, while you sneak onboard to try and find more
information or sabotage any attack plans.

"I don't know about this," Cayrith says, frowning. "I should be the one going
onto the ship, it's just too dangerous."

"So is dodging flaming arrows and grapeshot," Manaao points out. "Do you have
any experience with that, Celise?"

"You know I don't," you say, going over to untie Oxblood and coiling up the
long tethering rope as the three of you prepare to move out. "And for that
matter I've never actually fired arrows from drakeback...or at least not real
ones, and not outside a training exercise. Manaao's right, Cayrith, I
wouldn't be much help at all in the attack, but I can snoop around as well as
any of you."

Cayrith sighs, swinging onto his drake. "I know, I know...just be careful."

"I will, don't worry."

Good byes and good lucks are exchanged, and a few moments later the three of
them are winging quickly away, and you're left on the dark island
contemplating your next move.

> mount Oxblood
You swing into the saddle, though you know you won't be doing any flying so
as not to draw attention to yourself.

> north
You move north.

Forested Island (North End)
The trees thin out considerably here, but several large formations of
volcanic rock allow you to move up to the very edge of the shore undetected.
There is no gradually sloping beach here; the cove seems to drop off
immediately into deep water. The vegetation become thicker to the south, and
the pirate ship is anchored to the north, close enough that you can hear the
men cursing Cayrith and the others in between the roaring and flashing of
cannon fire.

> swim
You cling tightly to Oxblood as dives into the water, having a moment of near
panic when you both go under. Whether or not he understands that humans can't
hold their breath nearly as long as drakes, however, Oxblood soon surfaces
and begins paddling quietly toward your destination.

The two of you remain undetected, and you're soon right beside the ship.

> untie the hook from the net
You untie the large hook from the net.

> throw the rope at the ship
Hurling the rope upwards until the hook catches against the railing, you give
it a sharp tug to make sure it will hold your weight. Quietly insisting,
"Stay here, boy!" to a whimpering Oxblood, you clamber your way up and onto
the deck of the ship, ducking out of sight and warily watching the pirates
scramble to load their cannons while you try to get your bearings.

> open hatch
Glancing around quickly to make sure you're not noticed, you kneel down and
pry open the hatch, revealing the pitch black entrance to what is probably
the hold.

> down
You move down.

Pirate Ship - Hold
You bash your knee painfully against some heavy object. It's much too dark to
see down here...

> i
You are carrying an old net, Oxblood's whistle and a heavy metal hook.

> look

Pirate Ship - Hold
You bash your knee painfully against some heavy object. It's much too dark to
see down here...

> pour the bucket on the gunpowder
Aha, that's it! Grabbing up the nearest bucket of filthy water, you drench
the powder in the first barrel, then grab another bucket and repeat the
process. It'll be several days at least before any of this stuff is usable
again, and the way they're wasting so much of it overhead firing at a mere
three Guards and their drakes, they won't have enough left for any serious
attacks on anyone by dawn.

Checking around one last time to make sure you got to every barrel, you nod
with satisfaction at a job well done, and then turn your thoughts to
escaping...

> up to deck
You listen at the hatch a moment, but with all the uproar overhead it's hard
to tell anything for sure. Raising the door an inch, you peek around, then
take a deep breath and quickly push it open the rest of the way, scrambling
for your previous hiding place behind a stack of barrels.

Just as you slide into place and sigh in relief, something moves in the
darkness and you're hit by the stench of whiskey and rotten teeth. "I always
wanted to murder one o' you dirty lizard-humpin' bastards," a man rasps out
in a thickly slurred voice. Straightening quickly, you get a quick glimpse of
an unkempt beard and filthy clothes in the dim light from your lantern as you
back away.

"Oh, so you're a woman? Even better. What's the matter sweetie, you fall off
your dragon?" the man laughs, lurching forward and grabbing at you. Stepping
quickly out of range, you draw your sword and move towards him...

> attack the man
The pirate lunges at you again and you throw yourself out of the way,
thankful his extreme inebriation has made him so clumsy. However, if the two
of you keep this up it'll be only a matter of time until the others notice
and bring the whole ship down on your ears, so you grit your teeth and drive
your sword forward. You've never killed a man before. He makes a gurgling
sound as the tip of the blade enters his abdomen, and a wildly flailing arm
strikes your lantern out of your hand as he falls.

Flames leap up as you brace a boot against the corpse and jerk your sword
free, then turn and run blindly for the railing while pirates race to contain
the rapidly spreading fire. With no time for hesitation, you hurl yourself
over the edge and into the darkness and the water, sucking in a quick breath
as you fall.

The sounds of the battle give way to echoing silence as the cold salt water
engulfs you, stinging your eyes and rushing into your nostrils, and then
you're sputtering to the surface.

Once you regain your breath, it doesn't take long for you to realize that the
place you jumped over is not the same as the place you climbed up, and that
your drake is nowhere in sight.

"Oxblood? Oxblood!" you hiss out into the darkness, clinging as best you can
anywhere you can find even the tiniest grip on the sides of the ship. You
don't dare to call out any louder, but you need to find him quickly.

> call Oxblood
Spitting out salt water, you shake the whistle clear, then blow a low note on
it. For  a few long moments nothing happens, then just when you're about to
try again, you hear an answering trill from nearby and a friendly snout
nudges you in the back.

"Oxblood!" Wrapping your arms around the drake's neck and almost crying in
relief, you waste no time clambering into the saddle and getting him in the
air.

Once out of range of the ship, you signal the others. Cayrith is the first to
arrive. "Oh, thank the Spirits, you're all right!" he exclaims with a
surprising amount of feeling. "I mean...I was certain you would be, but it
seemed like you were down there a long time, and then we weren't sure what to
make of the fire."

As you quickly relate your story you're joined by Niowi and Manaao, who both
congratulate you on a job well done. Manaao's drake was grazed by a piece of
grapeshot, so it's a slow trip home as no one wants to wear out the poor
beast, and it's nearly dawn by the time you arrive at the docks.

Niowi speaks up, "We'll wait here a little while so Hapo can rest, then walk
him to the stables...you go on without us."

"Actually, I suppose I'd better go and let the militia know there's nothing
to worry about now, they've probably been up all night," Cayrith says.
"Celise, will you go and fill in Janai and the Elder for me? I'm sure they've
been worried too...though if the Elder's asleep don't wake him up, of
course."

"Sure, no problem," you say, stifling a yawn and feeling like you could use
some sleep yourself now that the excitement's started to wear off.

Taking Oxblood back to the stables, you give him a scratch on the head.
"Wait here a moment, boy," you say, "I just need to go find Janai and then
I'll take all that gear off so you can rest too."

> west
You move west.

Council Hall
Something's very wrong here.

Your footsteps echo on the marble floor. The wooden benches and various
paintings appear untouched, but the enormous embroidered rug has been slashed
almost to pieces and rolled away to reveal an equally large mosaic. The
fountain in the center of the room has been smashed, the unicorn's head lying
on the ground, water bubbling out of the cracked basin up to the low platform
and podium against the far wall, with the map of Greatwater pinned up behind
it. The entire Council Hall building---formerly the Aegis Hall--is in fact
much larger, encompassing the barracks and private living quarters in
separate wings as well as the armory and dungeon just down the stairs, and
you wonder if the vandalism has spread there too or been isolated to just
this room.

A pair of wide double doors open out to the rest of the city to the west, and
a long hall east leads to the stables.

Also here is a broken unicorn's horn.

> down
"Celise!"

Janai scrambles to his feet as you enter the dungeon. "Oh thank Miwaani, I
thought you were all dead! Look, you've got to get me out of here!"

"Janai? What are you--what happened?" you ask, your disbelief quickly turning
to outrage as you take in the sight of your friend beaten and bruised and
locked in a cell like a common criminal.

"Who did this to you? And who wrecked the Hall?" A fearful thought flits
across your mind and you look worriedly toward the stairs. "The Elder, is he
all right?"

"Oh Celise, it is my uncle," Janai says, despair in his voice. "He's got some
of the older Guards with him, and they..." He shakes his head. "We don't have
a lot of time to talk, but they planned the whole thing...the pirates,
everything. You've got to get me out of here and then we've got to warn
Cayrith."

> talk to Janai
"Okay, okay, slow down a minute, please," you say, taking a deep breath.
"Sorry, but this is all so...gah..." You shake your head, rubbing at your
temples. "I mean, I've got to know what's going on here if I'm going to be of
any use to anybody. Do you seriously mean to say the Elder's some kind of
traitor?" Even as the words leave your mouth you have a hard time believing
them. For as long as your can remember, Elder Hanawi's been almost as much of
a symbol of the Guard as the Aegis itself is.

"I know it sounds crazy, but it's the Council he hates. The others that are
with him, they've killed some of the representatives already, and I think
most of them are turned out now hunting that diplomat, the elf. And they want
Cayrith dead too."

"That is crazy. Unbelievable...doesn't he realize there'll be a war?"

"Hey lady? Since you people are all goin' off the deep end and and killin'
each other and such you think maybe you could let me outta here? I'd really
rather not get caught up in all that, ye know?" You'd almost forgotten Havasa
was in here, but at your look she shuts up, and you turn back to Janai.

"The pirate attack was supposed to be blamed for the deaths. At least I think
that was the plan...I went to warn Hanawi like Cayrith told me and he was
furious, going on and on about how you would ruin everything. I've never seen
him so unhinged! And then when he pulled himself together he told Vanoi and a
couple of others lock me in here...I tried to run but they practically beat
me unconscious."

"But he's your kin!" you protest, stunned. Logically you know that betraying
the Aegis and murdering several people and Spirits forbid, arranging an
attack on the city the man has been sworn to protect for the better part of a
century is far worse than having his nephew beat up and imprisoned, but
somehow the thought of it just seems wrong on an entirely different level.

"Which is probably the only reason I'm still alive," Janai sighs. "He let so
many details slip while he was angry, then said I'd heard too much and he'd
have to deal with me later..."

"And now the same goes for the lady here," a voice says from the stairwell...

...the prison guard, Vanoi, slowly walks down the stairs with sword in hand,
fixing you with a cold stare.

"Where are your friends, Celise? We've been waiting for you, you know...oh,
and don't get any ideas," he adds, as you reach for your own sword. "I have
absolutely no qualms about killing you if you put up a fight."

As the sheer insanity of this situation continues sinks in, for a moment you
can only stare at him as he approaches. "Are you even listening to yourself?
We're all Aegis here, how can you--"

"You're not one of us!" The man practically spits the words out. "You're an
outlander, just like that fool Cayrith and the others the Council forced on
us to make a mockery of our Oath."

So that's the way it's going to be, then. You slowly draw your sword,
standing straighter and meeting his icy gaze with one of your own. "You're
right, I'm not one of you," you say calmly. "I'm not a murderer, or a
traitor...but I am an Aegis Guard, and I'm sworn to honor an Oath that you
seem to have forgotten."

Vanoi's breath hitches, his face twisting into a mask of cold fury at your
little speech, and you prepare yourself to meet his attack...

> attack the guard
Vanoi's continues his slow, measured approach for a moment longer as the two
of you stare each other down, then he explodes into motion with a sudden
powerful, sweeping swing designed to literally cut you in half. Throwing
yourself to the ground more by instinct than any deliberate plan, you roll
out of the way as his blade rakes violently across the iron bars you were
just standing in front of, sending Havasa and Janai both jumping wide-eyed
away from the doors while you scramble to your feet.

Now on the other side of the room in the opening near the stairs and no
longer pinned up against the cells, you have a bit more freedom to manuever,
but it's still almost more than you can do to block the flurry of attacks
Vanoi throws at you now. You get a moment of relief when you somehow manage
to scratch him across the arm, and once Janai provides a life-saving
distraction by grabbing at the man's coat when he moves too close to the
bars, but for the most part you are finding yourself rather outclassed.

Trying to dodge an unexpected jab, you slam your the your ankle against one
of the steps behind you and stumble backwards, clutching desperately at the
railing to try and regain your balance and realizing with a sinking feeling
that there's no way you'll be fast enough...

...a second later Vanoi's sword is whistling towards you, and you give up
trying to steady yourself and instead shove your entire body back and to one
side, glad you're wearing a helmet when your shoulder and head crack
painfully on the stone of the steps as you go sprawling. Vanoi's sword
bounces off the rails over your head with jarring impact, and before he can
lift it for another swing you kick viciously at his knee, making it his turn
to grab at the railing for balance now. Knowing you won't have enough time to
climb to your feet, you take advantage of your elevated position, sitting up
and bracing yourself with one hand while coming down with your sword in the
other in a desperate overhand swing.

You feel your blade carving through flesh, and there's a cry of agony and a
shower of blood as you lay your opponent's shoulder open down to the bone.
Shoving yourself to your feet now and determined not to let him recover, you
hack at him again and again. Half your blows are glancing off his armor, but
more than enough are still drawing blood as, wild-eyed and breathing hard,
you force him away from the stairs and back against the row of cells, where
you're finally able to drive home the killing blow.

You stare down at the body of the second man you've killed tonight for what
feels like a long time, letting your racing heartbeat slowly return to
normal, and it's a few moments before you even realize Janai is speaking to
you.

"...the key. Celise, can you hear me? Get the key before the others show up!"

> examine corpse
Vanoi's corpse is covered with cuts and gashes, and his throat has been
slashed.  The dungeon key is inside Vanoi's corpse.

> get key
You take the dungeon key from Vanoi's corpse.

> unlock second cell
Remembering you're in a hurry and thinking how absolutely not up to another
fight you're feeling right now, you move quickly to unlock Janai's cell. He
looks a little ill as he steps out and over Vanoi's corpse, and the bruises
from the beating he took look terrible, but it's the same old Janai when he
flashes you a grateful smile. "Thanks Celise. Now let's go find Cayrith and
figure out what we can do about this...whole..." The smile fades and he
shakes his head, "...well, everything."

> unlock first cell
Havasa's expression brightens as you walk over to grudgingly unlock her cell.
"Heh, you mean you're actually...well all right then, you are now and forever
my very most favorite Aegis, and I'm not jus' sayin' that 'cause the rest of
'em went nuts."

Sighing a little, you open the door to let the thief skip out. "Just so you
know, I'm only doing this because there's a very real chance I might die
tonight, in which case I feel morally obligated not to leave a prisoner in
the care of murderers."

 "That's very decent of you," Havasa answers cheerfully, pausing and stooping
to pluck Vanoi's sword from his corpse. "And this is even nicer than the one
I stole..."

"Um," says Janai.

"What? You ain't in any shape to use it...and I figure you folks need all the
help you can get if it comes to another fight."

"As much as I hate to say it she's probably right, Janai. Just let her hang
onto it for now."

> up
The three of you make your way up the stairs and back to the vandalized
Council Hall.

"Any idea where Cayrith is?" Janai asks.

"He was just supposed to go and let the militia know the pirates were no
longer a threat."

"Well, even accounting for the time it would take to get them out of bed,
seeing how I never got a chance to warn them in the first place, shouldn't he
be back by now?"

"He may have run into trouble then," you say, biting your lip. "Come to think
of it, Niowi and Manaao could be in danger too."

"So what should we do?"

"Let me think. All right, first thing, you two go down to the docks and see
if you run into Niowi and Manaao. Explain what's going on and then you can
all try to find out what happened to Cayrith. And be careful. We basically
have to assume we can't trust any of the other Aegis at this point. If worst
comes to worst, or you can't find any of the others, just find a place to lay
low...I'm sure Havasa knows of a hiding spot or two."

"Or three or four." She shrugs, glancing at Janai. "But if it comes to a
fight you'd best be able to run fast enough to keep up with me, boy."

"What about you, Celise?"

"I'm going to take to the air and circle around a bit, see if I spot anything
suspicious. It's not safe to leave Oxblood in the stable right now anyway."

"All right. Well, good luck, and I'll see you soon...I hope," Janai says, and
they head out the door.

> look

Council Hall
Something's very wrong here.

Your footsteps echo on the marble floor. The wooden benches and various
paintings appear untouched, but the enormous embroidered rug has been slashed
almost to pieces and rolled away to reveal an equally large mosaic. The
fountain in the center of the room has been smashed, the unicorn's head lying
on the ground, water bubbling out of the cracked basin up to the low platform
and podium against the far wall, with the map of Greatwater pinned up behind
it. The entire Council Hall building---formerly the Aegis Hall--is in fact
much larger, encompassing the barracks and private living quarters in
separate wings as well as the armory and dungeon just down the stairs, and
you wonder if the vandalism has spread there too or been isolated to just
this room.

A pair of wide double doors open out to the rest of the city to the west, and
a long hall east leads to the stables.

Also here is a broken unicorn's horn.

> get horn
You take the broken unicorn's horn.

> east
You move east.

Drake Stables
Moonlight streams in through the tall windows of these spacious stables,
always kept open in good weather to catch the breeze off the cove. Ladders
placed at intervals along the walls allow access to dozing drakes in
hay-filled lofts, while doors open to the cove to the east. For drakes that
may be needed more immediately by their riders, a row of tethering posts
stands on each side of the west door leading to the Council Hall, saddles and
gear hung nearby in neat rows.
Oxblood is here.

> mount Oxblood
"Sorry boy," you say, prodding Oxblood awake and climbing back into the
saddle. The poor drake's probably as exhausted as you are by now, but, "We've
got a job to do."

> east
You move east.

Drake Cove
A wide, sandy cove where the Guards' drakes are often allowed loose to sun
themselves, swim and play, though it's mostly empty at night. The great white
pillar of the Eyrie rises from the water to the east, shining in the
moonlight.

The Eyrie's lanterns have been lit, turning the platform into a beacon.
Someone must be up there.

> up
You move up.

Flying Above Cove
Oxblood is gliding smoothly high above the Cove, the Great Eyrie to the east
and open ocean to the north and south.

The Eyrie's lanterns have been lit, turning the platform into a beacon.
Someone must be up there.

> fly e
You send Oxblood winging toward the Great Eyrie. Banking in a wide circle
around it, you see that the Elder Hanawi is there alone.

At your urging Oxblood swoops in and latches onto the brass railing with his
talons, and you use his forward momentum to leap out of the saddle and onto
the platform, determined to put an end to this night's madness.

The Elder turns slowly from his contemplation of the ancient Aegis, drawing
himself up straight and gazing at you in stony silence.

Great Eyrie
The Great Eyrie is a large circular platform surrounded by rails, resting on
a pillar towering high over the water and looking more than anything like the
crow's nest of a giant ship.
Elder Hanawi is here, standing in front of the shrine that houses the Aegis.

> arrest the Elder
"What do you think you're doing, child?" Hanawi asks, as you step
determinedly towards him.

"I'm placing you under arrest, Elder. For treason, murder, oathbreaking, and
conspiracy."

He laughs a dry, rasping little chuckle.  "And now the young outlander
presumes to have a better grasp of the law than the eldest member of the
Guard. Everything I've done I've done for the greater good, the honor of the
Aegis and the freedom of Greatwater. But of course, I can't expect someone
like you to understand."

"Maybe you're right. Maybe I don't understand anything you're saying at
all...but I'm sure the magistrate and the what's left of the Council will, so
why don't you come with me an explain it them?" you say, starting to move
forward again.

The Elder steps back against the rails, his eyes flashing with contempt. "The
Council has no right to judge the Aegis, and you have no right to arrest me.
Don't you dare come any closer..."

There is a sudden flurry of wings. "Technically he's right about that last
part, Celise," Cayrith says, hopping down from his drake and eyeing Hanawi
with a grim expression. Niowi lands an instant later, looking pale and
shaken. They both appear as though they've been in battle since you last saw
them. "It's really not a journeyman's place to make an arrest when there's a
higher officer more than willing to do it around."

"You!" Hanawi spits, and for the first time you see his calm demeanor melt
away, replaced by pure hatred as he glares at the approaching guardmaster.
"You're the one that started it all. The viper in the nest."

"Fine words from a traitor." Cayrith shakes his head, looking pained. "You
did such great things in your youth. I held you in the greatest respect...and
now I've been forced to kill three of my former brethern tonight, all good
men you put on an evil path with your bitterness and deceit. But no more..."

"Respect? How can you speak of respect!" Hanawi's face is twisted hatred,
almost unrecognizeable. " You've never even pretended to be anything other
than a spy for the Council, and all these years...my last, most precious
years, I've had to smile with my teeth and do nothing but watch as a Council
puppet works to unsurp the power of the Aegis and undo everything I've lived
for. But you're right...no more!"

At this last exclamation, just as he's about to be grabbed by the arm, the
Elder makes a sudden movement, and Cayrith staggers back, his face draining
of color. Clutching at his wrist, he takes a step back, then another, swaying
on his feet a moment before collapsing.

You hear Niowi shriek behind you, and a moment later she's joining you at
your friend's side. Lifting Cayrith's hand, you see a small scratch on his
wrist. "You poisoned him!" Niowi shouts accusingly, glaring up at the
Elder...

...you look up too, and then freeze at an eerily familiar sensation of dread.
Hanawi has taken the ancient Aegis from its shrine, clutching it to himself
and caressing it almost lovingly as he gazes intently down at the rocks just
visible in the water below. "Yes..." he says, though you can't tell if it's
in answer to Niowi or just to himself. "One less thing to regret."

Before either of you can react, he steps to the edge of the platform and
simply leans forward, the weight of the heavy shield sending him toppling
over the side.

You don't need to look--you can picture them as they fall, the Aegis spinning
and flashing like a bright coin in the first rays of the morning, and you
know well enough what the final results will be. You remain with Cayrith,
grasping his hand and listening to his labored breathing.

"He won't last long," Niowi says, "We've got to do something..."

> use the horn on the wrist
Almost not daring to hope it will work, you press the broken horn to
Cayrith's wound, mentally whispering prayers to Niolaasi and Miwaani and
every other Spirit you can think of, both outlander and Islander.

Nothing changes.

At first.

Then, he give a shuddering little gasp, and his breathing steadies. The color
gradually returns to his face while the two of you watch him intently, and he
soon has the look of a man in a peaceful slumber rather than a victim of
poison gasping out his last breaths. You notice that the area of the horn
that's near the wound has turned black.

The three of you remain where you are for a long time, while the tide comes
in and washes clean the rocks below...

***********
Epilogue
***********

The sky is dark the day of the funeral, with an approaching storm on the
horizon. The Elder Hanawi is buried with the two halves of the Aegis he loved
all his life, and more than his life. And more than others' lives.

Some stories are told about the dedication, the heroism of his early days,
but no one can find adequate words to heal the wounds of his last one. It
seems equally difficult to speak of the future, though Cayrith and one or two
of the remaining senior guardmasters make a valiant attempt.

The mood is grim. With the Elder's final acts, the loyalty and trust the
Aegis had for their fellows, long believed unshakeable, has been
shaken...perhaps even sundered. There's no way of knowing how far Hanawi's
influence reached. Some of those that were loyal to him have gone into
hiding. And some could remain standing among you, smiling with their teeth.

There is still no love for the Council. Some may even blame it for all that's
come to pass. But the Council is a reality in Greatwater now, more than ever
before. Good men died because the Aegis could not be trusted, and those that
replaced them are wiser, warier, and watching always now for hidden vipers
that need to be stamped out.

You're only a Journeyman. You can't stop the coming storm. But in your heart
you swear a new Oath that you will fight to fly steady, that you and those
you love may come out intact and untarnished on the other side.

***********
 END
***********

> quit
Do you really want to quit? [Y/N]
