Loading game...

Alias: Undercover Agent
DISCLAIMER:  Alias is the property of ABC, JJ. Abrams and Bad Robot.  This
work is an interactive fanfiction and is created for free entertainment
purposes only. Spoilers for episode ATY.

IN A TOP SECRET LOCATION

"I'm glad you could answer our call so promptly," says Weiss.  "As you have
been informed, we've lost touch with two very valuable agents of ours.
Sydney Bristow and Michael Vaughn."

A stern-looking man is seated in the chair next to Weiss.  "Their mission was
unofficial.  That's why you and your special abilities were needed, Player.
 You will report only to us, using this SATELLITE PHONE.  Your job will be to
pinpoint the exact whereabouts of my daughter and her handler.  We think
Sydney is being held in a compound in Taipei.  Vaughn's whereabouts, if he is
still alive, are unknown.  You'll have access to The Man's compound.  We've
forged you an identity as one of their accountants.  That status will give
you access to their file room.  But you must be careful, the slightest out of
the norm behavior could place your life in jeopardy."

Weiss slides the details of the location across the desk to you, telling you
to memorize it.  Once you're done, he continues.  "When you find Sydney, you
must give her the code phrase.  It's AMPULE.  Don't forget that.  It's very
important."

The stern-looking man who you at last recognize as Jack Bristow gives a short
nod.  "I'm counting on you, Player.  Don't drop the ball on this one."

As soon at this top secret meeting ends, a taxi arrives to take you the
airport.  Almost before you know it, you're in Taipei, Taiwan, comfortably
installed into your new job, balancing the accounts for The Man.

Well...at least as comfortable as anyone in your circumstances could be...
Please enter your name:

> Player

> open desk
You open the wooden desk.  Your briefcase is inside the wooden desk.

> take briefcase
You take your briefcase from the wooden desk.

> open briefcase
You open your briefcase.  The bottom  and some sticky tape are inside your
briefcase.

> wait
Time passes...

> wait
Time passes...

> wait
Time passes...
Nerisa walks briskly away outside.

> take bottom of briefcase
You fiddle with the bottom of your briefcase and yes, its false! You've
concealed a very important item in your briefcase.

> out
You move out.

Out in the Main Hall
The floor is made of hard cement and the ceiling is very high above your
head.  The walls are cement blocks painted a pale green.  There's a small
doorway on the eastern wall of the hall.   North the hall branches off into a
confusing maze of passages.
Nerisa is here.

> e
You move east.

The Kitchen
The kitchen is obviously used to prepare meals for the occupants of this
compound.  The usual accessories of kitchen tools are in this room.  Most
prominent is a long table marked by a wooden sign which reads, "PICK UPS."
Charlie is bustling about, putting food on trays.

> look under table
At first, you see nothing extraordinary about the table but you pick up one
end of it and something rolls out from under it.  Nerisa walks briskly in
from the west.
"CHARLIE!" Nerisa barks at the unsuspecting cook.  "Have you been talking too
much again?"

"Who me?" asks Charlie.  "Well, I never!" The two are so absorbed in their
exchange of word that they don't realize you can hear them from across the
room.

Nerisa frowns at Charlie.  "I told you that if something like this happened
again I would not fail to report you to The Man.  The Man doesn't tolerate
nonsense like this.  Not a smart move, Charlie!"

> take screwdriver
You take the handy screwdriver.

> wait
Time passes...

With a emphatic gesture, Charlie shakes his head and his pencil sails from
behind his ear and rolls onto the floor.  "I'm telling you!  Didn't tell
anyone a thing about the V fellow or any of the others.  I just make the
food. That's all."

"That's just about enough out of you, Charlie!" Nerisa exclaims.  "Go take 5
and then get back here and make your deliveries."  Charlie throws food down
on one last tray and rushes to follow her instructions.  Nerisa storms out
after him.
You're left alone in the room.  You know you have at least ten minutes (10
turns) to use what's here to SEND a MESSAGE to Sydney.

> wait
Time passes...

> examine table
The table is made of yellow oak with a hard stone surface on top.  A dinner
tray and a white napkin are on the long table.

> take pencil
You take the red pencil.

> take napkin
You take the white napkin from the long table.

> take plate
You take the plate from the dinner tray.

> take tape
You take the sticky tape from your briefcase.

> write message to sydney
You take your pencil and  the napkin, using it to  scribble a short message
including the word, "Ampule."  Then, you take the sticky tape, and, balancing
the plate carefully, stick the napkin to the underside of  plate out of
sight..

Whew!  Sure hope that works, you think.  Better put the plate back on the
tray before Charlie takes the tray to its destination!
You hear Charlie's whistle coming down the hall.

> put plate on tray
You put the plate onto the dinner tray.

> w
You move west.

Out in the Main Hall
The floor is made of hard cement and the ceiling is very high above your
head.  The walls are cement blocks painted a pale green.  There's a small
doorway on the eastern wall of the hall.   North the hall branches off into a
confusing maze of passages.
Charlie's come to pick up the trays.  Charlie sidles off to the east.
Charlie picks up the dinner trays.

> in
You move in.

A Small Office Area
An entirely too cheerful calendar hangs on the far wall.  A desk seems to
take up half of this narrow space and filing cabinets make up the entire left
wall.  The space is simply too cramped for comfort.

Fresh air ventilates the room from the overhead grate.

> stand on desk
You stand on the wooden desk.

> unscrew grate
You pry open the grate with your screwdriver, take a small leap, and pull
yourself up into the air vents.

Inside the Air Vents
The ventitlation ducts are only one inch wider than your shoulders.  This
makes turning around impossible.  Alternating between shimmying and crawling
you see the vent branches off to the south.
The ceiling is so low in here that in order to move you have to crawl.

> s
You move south.

Fork in the Air Vents
Soft light from a grate just ahead shines on the wall here.

> unlock grate with screwdriver
You unlock the grate with the handy screwdriver.

> open grate
You open the grate.

> out
You move out.

Windowless Cell
A sparse collection of lightbulbs cast illumination into the gloom.  There is
a single chair here alongside an uncomfortable looking cot.
Sydney Bristow is here.

> ampule
Sydney looks at you and smiles.  Sydney is sitting on the edge of her cot
relating her story to you.  There are dark circles under her eyes, signs of
the emotional strain this captivity has caused her.  She doesn't look like
she's had much sleep.

 "Dad must have called in the calvary.  You probably know why I'm here...but
if you don't...let me fill you in on a few details."

"I completed most of my mission as planned.  All accept the getting captured
part.  The circumference has been destroyed.  We also came here to rescue
Will...but, if my moth--my captor is to be believed, then at least he's safe.
  I also discovered the identity of The Man."  Sydney takes a deep breath and
then shakes her head. "I suppose we can leave the debriefing for later.
What's your name, by the way?"

"Player" you reply.

Sydney repeats the name once to herself and nods.  Then, she continues her
story.

"She came after Will because he was vulnerable.  She knew she could use him
to get to me.  The Man is Laura Bristow, yes...my mother."

She pauses to let that sink in for a moment and then continues.  "She had
some idea that I was destined to work with her to fulfill that stupid
prophecy.  I played along for awhile but when she realized I was trying to
escape, I was thrown in here.

 "So...was this mission just to rescue me or was it also for Agent Vaughn?
Do you know about Vaughn?  Is he...alive?  I leave it up to you.  We can FIND
VAUGHN or EXTRACT."  Charlie sidles in .  Charlie sidles off.

> find vaughn
"Okay," says Sydney.  "Here's the plan.  I'm coming with you now and we're
going to break into The Man's Office.  You couldn't get there by yourself,
but I know where it is.  Just go to the Main Hall. No time to waste.  Let's
move!"

> in
You move in.

Inside the Air Vents
The ventitlation ducts are only one inch wider than your shoulders.  This
makes turning around impossible.  Alternating between shimmying and crawling
you see the vent branches off to the south.

> d
You move down.

A Small Office Area
An entirely too cheerful calendar hangs on the far wall.  A desk seems to
take up half of this narrow space and filing cabinets make up the entire left
wall.  The space is simply too cramped for comfort.

Fresh air ventilates the room from the overhead grate.

> turn dial to 17
You turn the dial.

> examine dial
Click!  You've got the first number in the combination correct.

> turn dial to 29
You turn the dial.

> examine dial
Click!  You've got the second number in the combination correct.

> turn dial to 47
You turn the dial.

> examine dial
Click!  You've figured out all the numbers in the combination!  The safe
unlocks.

> open safe
The safe's tumblers click into the correct places revealing the long awaited
file.
Sydney pulls out the file which will reveal Vaughn's location and smiles.
"Good work, Player.  I can't thank you enough for your help."

Will Sydney be able to rescue Vaughn ?  Will she need your help?  Find out
when you play the next Alias adventure.   And keep that combination in your
head.
You scored 35 out of the maximum 35!
That is 100% of the game!
Well done - you scored maximum points!
