Loading game...

Apokalupsis

I really don't want to tell the story, but seeing as how you've come all this
way and are being really persistent than I suppose it's the only way to get
you off my back.

Do you watch a lot of movies?  Heh.  Thought so.  Well, the movies tell you
that stuff like this happens all the time.  It doesn't.  I'd clocked nearly
twenty years on the force - most of that in homicide - and I'd never ever
seen anything like this before.  This story is exactly the sort of story that
never, never happens in real life but happens all the time in the movies.
This story is exactly the sort of story that gets turned into a movie.  Oh,
they'd make a few changes of course.  They'd probably make me twenty years
older.  I'd be played by Al Pacino or someone like that and I'd be a week
away from retirement.  And Danny?  Danny would still be black but they'd cast
him as someone straight from the streets.  An ex-gang member turned cop or
something like that.  They'd get 50 Cent or someone like that to play him,
someone to rake in the hip hop dollar.  In reality you probably couldn't ever
find a more middle-class kid than Danny.  The closest he ever came to having
a 'homie' was his gay room-mate at Columbia.  Still, I never met a smarter
kid working homicide.  Good instincts.  Great partner.  Danny was on his way
straight to the top.

I'm getting off the subject.  It probably won't be the last time either, but
seeing as how telling this story was your idea in the first place you're just
going to have to put up with it.  I'm sure you'll cope.

Anyway, we figured it was going to be business as usual that Monday morning.
We'd been told that it was a break-in that had gone wrong and now there was a
body.  In this case the vicitm was a priest, a Father Denvers, which tended
to complicate things a little.  If there was a list of people who would want
to murder a Roman Catholic priest it would probably be as long as both of
your arms put together.  Jeez, you've got pretty long arms, haven't you?  Was
your father an orangutan or something?  Hey, now don't get upset at that.  I
ain't even got started yet.

The vast majority of homicides are crimes of passion.  I don't mean that
they're all committed by jilted lovers or anything like that, rather that
they're not usually premeditated.  They tend to be opportunistic crimes.
Someone gets angry, grabs a blunt object and before you know it someone else
gets dead.  In most cases the whole thing is usually messier than a fast food
worker with Parkinson's .  Huh?  Offensive?  Get used to it.  Anyway, as I
was saying most murderers are sloppy.  In ninety eight percent of cases
you've usually got six or seven smoking guns right there at the scene.  As I
said, business as usual.

We were wrong.

. . . .  Press a key to continue

MONDAY

         Cops keep bustin'
         Hustlers keep hustlin'
         Death keeps a knockin'
         Souls are up for auction

         Ain't no use in prayin'
         That's the way it's stayin', baby

         Rocks, Primal Scream

. . . .  Press a key to continue

Outside the Presbytery

I remember that it was pretty cold, even for an April morning.  Danny and I
beat forensics to the scene - that didn't happen very often - and decided to
take advantage of the situation before those scientific geniuses got their
hands on my evidence.  Officers Jimenez and Regis has arrived at the
presbytery first, responding to the initial call by the cleaner who had
turned up and found the front door ajar.  When we arrived Officer Regis was
comforting the cleaner by the squad car and Jimenez was guarding the front
door, waiting for our arrival.  I sent Danny over to talk to Regis and the
old lady while I approached Jimenez and tried to find out what was going on.
Jimenez's grandparents came over from Costa Rica so I guess that makes him
what you call 'Hispanic' but I've only ever heard him refer to himself as
'American'.  These immigrants, eh?  They got no idea.  Hey.  Don't get all
upset at that.  I was being ironic, you moron.  Listen.  There's one thing
you gotta understand about me.  Every day I put my life in the hands of
little white, black, brown, yellow, red and purple guys and I've never had
any complaints against any of them.  Not one of them has ever let me down.
Not once.  You ever throw that 'racist' label at me and I will punch you in
the face.  You got me?  Good.  Now, where was I?  Ah yeah.  Talking to
Jimenez...

. . . .  Press a key to continue

"Are you OK, Mateo?  You look pretty freaked." is more or less what I said.

Did you know that 90% of Costa Ricans are Roman Catholic?  I only found that
out recently.  If I'd known that before then I would have figured out what
was wrong with Jimenez right away.

"Ah...it's just that I was wondering, sir.  You know?  Just thinking.  Maybe
I should start going to church again," said Jimenez.  He was looking intently
at me, like he wanted me to tell him what to do.

"Why do you say that, Mateo?"

"It's pretty messy in there, sir.  Brutal, you know what I'm saying?  Someone
stabbed Father Denvers and not just once.  It's just got me thinking.  Like,
maybe I should think a bit more about these things.  Who'd want to kill a
priest?  Maybe I should go back to the church and sort things out with God.
Does that sound stupid?" Jimenez looked down at his feet.  This was clearly
important to him but he must've felt pretty embarrassed talking about it,
especially to me.  Cops don't usually have time to get all existential on the
job, you know what I'm saying?

I wasn't sure how to handle it.  It seemed real odd to me.  Jimenez was a
good cop.  He could have turned up at the scene of an orphanage explosion and
been the model professional, but someone offs a priest and he starts acting
like God's going to hold him personally responsible.  I didn't know what to
say, so I did what I do best.  Screwed things up.

. . . .  Press a key to continue

"Who's going to kill a priest?"  I avoided the real issue and picked up on
the only rhetorical question in Jimenez's statment.  "Mateo, have you read
the newspapers lately?   The question is who's not got a motive to kill a
priest."

It was the wrong thing to say.  Get used to it.  It's not the last time I
make a mistake in this story.  Jimenez just looked at me, like he was a lost
child.  I felt bad for him so tried to get things back on track.

"What happened here?"  This seemed to do the trick.  Jimenez was a cop again.

"Ah, yeah.  Well, the cleaner called us about thirty minutes ago.  She'd
arrived and found the front door already open.  She went in and found the
priest's body in the study at the end of the corridor.  She screamed, ran out
and called us."

"You checked the scene out?" I asked.

"Yes sir.  Father Denvers' body was in the study, like she'd said.  We
checked the cor...I mean, him and then checked the rest of the house."

"Anything else?"  I ignored his refusal to use the word 'corpse'.  I got that
much right, at least.

"Uh...yeah.  There was a window broken in the study.  We think the killer
came in that way - maybe surprised Father Denvers and killed him.  I guess
the killer panicked and left straight away.  We didn't find any sign that
anyone had even been in any of the other rooms."

"Did you touch anything?  Move anything?" I always had to check.  Sometimes
even good uniforms make mistakes.  Hah.  Pretty funny when you think about it
like that, isn't it?  Or maybe not.  Anyway, Jimenez put my mind at rest.

"Nah, we know better than that.  We just checked the scene and when we were
satisfied that the killer was long gone we left it for you guys and forensics
to figure out."

"OK.  As soon as forensics turn up you and Regis can go.  Take the cleaner
back to the station and tell them we'll be along to talk to her as soon as
we're finished up here.  OK?"  I patted Jimenez on the arm as I spoke.  It
was the best I could do.  I'm not really the hugging type, you know?  Anyway,
he nodded and wandered off to the sqaud car where Danny was talking to Regis
and the woman.  I decided to take a look at the crime scene.

. . . .  Press a key to continue

Outside the Presbytery

I remember standing in a chill air outside the home of Father Denvers,
wondering who'd taken enough of a dislike to him to murder him.  Man, it was
cold and I was wishing that I'd worn a warmer jacket.  You wouldn't think it
to look at me, but I used to spend a long time deciding what to wear each
morning.  I wore the leather because it went well with the shirt I had
chosen.  Heh, there I was freezing and wishing I wasn't such a jerk.

To the east was the front door to the presbytery.  It was hanging slightly
ajar, just as the cleaner had apparently found it.  I could see Jimenez and
Regis standing by the squad car to.  Danny and the cleaner were a few feet
away from them, just far enough so that Jimenez and Regis weren't crowding
them.  The two of them appeared to be talking amongst themselves while Danny
was interviewing the cleaner.  He was, as always, taking copious notes.

> examine me

I felt good on that day.  I'd had a great weekend; played some football and
drunk a little.  I was dressed, if I remember correctly, in jeans and a red
shirt, with my black leather jacket.  I was wearing my favorite sneakers.
The chief didn't really like me wearing them.  He said that they were scruffy
and reflected badly on the department, but they were my lucky charm.  This
guy had once taken a shot at me once - point blank range.  Somehow he missed.
 No-one could explain it.  I'd bought some new sneakers a couple of days
before and was wearing them for the first time.  After that I wore them to
work almost every day.  I didn't care that it meant having the captain yell
at me every now and then.  I was willing to pay the price.

> inventory

At that time I was carrying my Beretta 8045F, my badge and my cellphone.

> examine front door

Yeah.  I took a close look at that front door.  It swung on its hinges.  It
opened and closed just like it should.  All in all it was a pretty fine door.
 'So what?' you might be thinking, but that's why I'm the cop and you're just
a...whatever it is you do for a living.  I could tell right away that this
door hadn't been forced.  It had been opened of its own free-will.  Was that
important?  Ah, well just wait and see.  I don't want to spoil all the
surprises.

> examine leather jacket

What can I say?  It was a black leather jacket.  What's with the fashion
quiz?

> examine sneakers

They were Converse sneakers.  Not the baseball boots but the proper sneakers.
 Do you know the ones I mean?  Yeah,  I got them at a discount because the
owner of the store owed me a favor.  I'd gone in there once while I was
off-duty and I caught this guy shoplifting.  It's really hard to shoplift
from a shoe store, you know, because they only put one of the shoes out on
the shelf.  I never found out if it was intentional, or if the shoplifter
just hadn't realised before, but I stopped this kid walking out with a left
sneaker.  Just the left one.  Crazy.  Did he have a brother with one leg or
something?  Maybe it was some stupid dare or something?  I don't know.
Anyway, the owner was all like "Thank you officer, thank you so much!" like
it was a big deal.  I'm not one to say no to discount sneakers, however, so I
took him up on his offer to sell me some cheap as a way of saying thank you.
I chose some black Converse, wore them to work a few days later and they
saved my life.  What else was I going to do after that?  I wore them every
day that I could.

> examine red shirt

I don't remember much about it.  It was just a shirt, you know?

> examine church

I guess that it was quite a small church.  I'd seen some really big ones
around the city, but this one was pretty unimpressive.  I only saw it from
the outside.  I didn't go inside.  I was more concerned with checking out the
crime scene before forensics came and stopped me from doing my job.

> examine presbytery

It was a two-storey town house in a pretty nice neighborhood.  The presbytery
backed onto the church itself.  I never liked the idea of that.  It seemed to
me that it was like living at the office.  Why would anyone want to do that?
Anyway, it wasn't the kind of place most people would expect to be the scene
of a crime.  Most people except me, of course.  You do this job for long
enough and you see crime everywhere.

> examine danny

Danny.  Danny was probably my best friend in the department.  I don't think
he ever knew that.  I never told him.  I like to think that he could tell,
you know?  Like it was obvious from the way that we joked around?  Sometimes
we hung out after work and I always got the impression that he valued my
opinion.  I mean, why else would he want me to meet that girl, Carla or
whatever her name was?  Maybe, ah I don't know, maybe I was like a father
figure to him.  He was pretty new to homicide and I was the old hand showing
him around but...but, well, he already had an old man you know?  They got on
pretty well from what I gathered.  I don't think he needed another one.

He always wore the same thing to work.  Every day, every single day.  A suit,
a shirt and a tie.  He was one of those dudes who used to buy four of
everything that he liked.  He had the same outfit on every day.  With his
glasses on he looked like a nerd, you know, the sort of guy you'd expect to
find pushing Stephen Hawking's wheelchair.  He got that kind of rep around
the precinct because he was so smart, but most people didn't know him like I
did.  He didn't look tough, but he was.  He was pretty good at that martial
art stuff that he did.  White Crane Kung Fu or something.  That was where he
met Carla.  Carla?  She'll come into the story later.  Wait a while.

I remember him talking to that old lady, the cleaner.  He was good at that
stuff.  You might not be able to tell but I'm not really a people person.
Yeah, I know, I hide it well.  Danny, on the other hand, was good with
people.  Charming.  Witty.  Everything I'm not.

> examine jimenez

Good cop.  Nice guy.  Mateo has a lot going for him, except ambition.  He
always struck me as one of those guys who would never climb the career ladder
because he was happy where he was.  You know the sort?

Mateo was talking to Regis.  Probably about the Roman Catholic thing.

> examine regis

Yeah, Regis.  Big guy.  Well built.  I think he's good friends with Jimenez,
but I don't know him well.  I saw him around, knew him by name but that was
all.  Looks a bit like Henry Rollins.  You heard of him?  I used to listen to
some of his music.  The Rollins Band stuff, not Black Flag.  OK, OK, I was
just saying that Regis reminded me of Rollins.  That's all.  I thought it
might help you picture him.  Oh, except he's got blond hair and Rollins has
black hair.

Regis was standing around talking to Jimenez.  He looked bored.

> examine squad car

It was just a squad car.  They usually run them for about a year, sometimes
less, and then put them up for auction.  If you can get one then do it.
They'll repaint it and take the lights off of course but they're usually in
great condition and have been fixed up to go a bit faster.  You won't get one
cheap though.  Just some advice there.  Take it or leave it.

> examine cleaner

I remember that she was looking upset and distressed as she talked with
Danny.    He was great at making people feel relaxed and getting information
out of them.  I had been in this job a bit too long and...I know that it
shouldn't be like this, but you can't help it after a while...well, you
suspect everyone.  I couldn't tell you how many times the person who
'discovered' the body was also the person who 'created' the body.  They all
had one thing in common.  They all, with varying sincerity, played the 'upset
and distressed' card.

So there I was wondering if this sweet old cleaning lady, who looked like she
was at least seventy years old, had stabbed and killed a Roman Catholic
priest.  This job makes you sick in the head.

> examine danny's notes

I couldn't read them from where I was standing.  You think I'm Superman or
something?  I'd talk to Danny about the cleaner later.

> talk to jimenez

"So what did you...oh, hey sir."  Regis stopped talking as I came over and
slouched by the squad car beside them.  I used to get paranoid about things
like that - the officers stop talking when the detectives come along - that
sort of thing.  I'm over it now.  I don't care about that kind of thing now.
I nodded at them both and waited.  I couldn't think of anything to say and
they must have thought that I was a jerk.  I didn't care about that either.

> talk to jimenez

So Regis says to me "How was your weekend?"

"Pretty good," I answer.

"Uh huh," he replies.

Jimenez is saying nothing through all of this.  I figure he's still thinking
about the dead priest.  Before I can ask Regis how his weekend was I catch a
look from Danny.  I think he's getting a bit antsy about me being around.
Probably feels like I'm crowding him and the witness.

> talk to jimenez

So I'm just about to ask Regis about his weekend when I notice a definite
glare from Danny.  It's at about this time that I realise that I'm pushing my
luck and should probably get on with investigating the crime scene.  I mutter
a "Seeya" to Mateo and Regis and move away from the squad car.  They watch me
for a second and then resume their conversation.

> go east

Presbytery (Entrance)

OK, let me try and describe this to you.  It was a long corridor and the door
behind me, to the west, was the front door and obviously led back outside.
There were some stairs immediately to my right, but I didn't go upstairs.  I
left that to Danny when he'd finished speaking to the witness.  My immediate
concern was the study door at the far end of the corridor, I guess that would
be...east again.  There was another door to the south that led to the kitchen
and a door to the north that would take me into whatever passes as a priest's
living room.  You know, I think about the whole celibacy thing and would have
to say "You call this living?".  Ha heh!  No?  OK then.

Now, the decor was interesting.  I haven't been in many priest's homes so was
maybe expecting them to be more...ornate.  Kind of like the churches, yeah?
But this was pretty low-key and classy.  Pale cream walls, a nice light
carpet, a few tasteful pictures.  I was impressed.

> examine study door

I checked the study door.  I didn't see anything unusual.  No blood or other
clues, and it hadn't been damaged in any way.

> examine kitchen door

Yeah, I checked that too.  I didn't see anything unusual.

> examine living room door

I didn't think anything of it.  There was nothing of any interest to me about
that door.

> examine corridor

Yeah, I don't know how else to describe it.  It was the same as I've seen in
a million homes before this one.

> examine carpet

I always take the time to crouch down and check the carpet.  Carpet is often
a cop's best friend, yeah?  There's plenty of places where you can find a
spot of blood, a fiber, a shoe print or some other clue.  I remember this one
case where this one-legged guy killed his girlfriend.  There were single
bloody footprints on the carpet all the way across the room, like the guy had
pogo-sticked his way out.  When we finally caught up with the killer he
looked at me and said "How did you know it was me?"  Man, I laughed so hard I
nearly split something.

In this case there was nothing.  Nothing.  Not a single piece of dirt.
Forensics didn't even find anything.  That must've taken some doing.

> examine stairs

Ah, I can't really remember.  I think the carpet was the same as the entrance
hall, but maybe they weren't even carpeted, you know?  Does it matter?

> examine walls

Sometimes you might find slugs or something in the wall.  They can be really
helpful.  Seeing as the priest was stabbed in the study you won't be
surprised when I tell you that I didn't pay too much attention to the walls.
Oh sure, I checked for large bloody handprints or a sign that said "I did it,
signed OJ Simpson" but didn't find anything.  Maybe I should have looked a
bit closer, considering what happened later.

> examine decor

You looking for hints for your own home?  The walls had been painted with a
cream color, the carpet was...I think it was beige.  There were paintings on
the wall, between the doors.  As I said, it was quite nice.  I'm not sure why
you're so interested in the decor when there's a dead body in the study.  He
didn't die while painting the ceiling.

> examine paintings

Ah, there was one religious one.  I can't remember what it was now.  I think
it was Jesus on the cross, but it looked all distorted.  It might have been
modern art but I don't think so.  There were another two paintings there that
weren't religious.  One was of some field and the other of some flowers.  I
guess Denvers liked nature as well as religion.

> examine painting of jesus

I don't remember too much about it.  It was just a picture.

> examine painting of field

I don't remember too much about it.  It was just a picture.

> examine painting of flowers

I don't remember too much about it.  It was just a picture.

> go east

Presbytery (Study)

I remember the study clearly.  The most striking thing about it was the
bloody priest corpse slumped against a desk at the far end of the room.
That's the kind of detail that stands out to the highly trained police eye,
you know what I mean?  There was an ornate mirror above the desk and a broken
window to the left.  One wall was entirely given over to a large bookcase,
which was jammed full of - surprise, suprise - books.  I also noticed,
because it's the kind of thing that I'm paid to notice, that the light was
on.

> examine body

The first thing I noticed is that all the stab wounds seemed to be in the
front.  It's not always easy to tell because I'm never supposed to move the
body.  So sometimes you can't see the wounds in the back because the corpse
is lying on the ground.  Pretty basic stuff.  But in this case he was in a
sitting position, leaning against the desk, so it wasn't too difficult to see
what had happened.  The front of his robes were shredded pretty badly and
there was a lot of blood, but there was nothing on his back.  But his front?
I reckoned I could count at least twenty all over.  Some in the gut, some the
chest and at least one in the throat.  It was a brutal attack.

The second thing I noticed were that there were no defense wounds on the arms
or hands.  There was plenty of blood, sure, but no obvious wounds or damage
to the clothing.  When someone attacks you then you lift your arms in defense
as a, you know, a reflex.  Even if you never hit back, you try to minimise
the damage.  Now, the priest went down without a fight.

So, I begin putting pieces together right there and then.  The fact that the
priest got stabbed in the front means that the killer was right there in his
face.  No defense wounds, I reckon, means that the priest got taken by
surprise.  Now, the only way someone in front of you can surprise you is if
you're not expecting them to pull a knife and carve their initials on your
chest, or if they jump out at you from somewhere.  I looked round that study
and didn't see anywhere you could easily surprise someone from.  Right away
I'm thinking that the priest knew his killer, or at least knew that they were
there and didn't feel threatened by them.  I'm guessing that the killer got
lucky and hit a blow that incapacitated the priest first time.  Maybe the
throat shot.  So now the 'break-in gone wrong' story begins to look a bit
weak, you know?

> examine wounds

The wounds were deep and jagged.  They were done in a frenzy.  This wasn't a
calculated assassination.  This was done by someone who was in a hurry or
didn't know how to handle a knife.  At the time I wondered if this was a spur
of the moment thing - you know, not premeditated.  I'd seen wounds like this
so many times before - usually in the bodies of abusive men who'd pushed
their partners just that bit too far one final time.  These ones reminded me
most of a case I'd had just a few months ago.  This guy had a bad trip on LSD
and carved up his roommate.  Said he thought skeletons were coming out of the
walls and his buddy was one of them.  This is an ugly, dirty city, you know?

> examine desk

The desk was at a slight angle, which I put down to the weight of the
priest's body leaning against it.  He wasn't a small man, you know what I'm
saying?

What does a priest have on his desk?  There was the biggest statue of the
Virgin Mary that I'd ever seen.  Nah, I'm just kidding.  He just had a
computer on there, like the rest of us average joes.  There were also papers
scattered over the desk.  A pen pot had been knocked over.  Now, this could
have just been something that happened when the desk got shifted, but you get
a feel for these things.  There was too much chaos on the desk for it to be
incidental.  Someone, probably the killer, had made this mess.  At the time
you're thinking about why they would do this.  The most obvious thing that
you think of is that they were looking for something.  After you've been
doing this for a while you might think of something else - like maybe the
killer wants you to think that they were looking for something.  Maybe the
killer wants you to think that this is about a robbery rather than something
else.

Usually you need a few more clues before you can make a firm call one way or
the other, but I could tell something wasn't right here.  And before you open
your mouth, I'm not just making it up after the fact.  I knew that the killer
was trying to throw us off the scent one way or the other, but badly.  It was
almost as if they couldn't decide how to do it - or even why they were doing
it.  There was a sense of panic about the whole scene.

> examine virgin mary statue

I told you that I was kidding about that.  Did you miss that bit?

> examine computer

I didn't pay much attention to that at the time.  These days we've got people
whose job it is to look on computers for anything that might help explain a
crime.  We weren't anywhere near that stage yet.

> examine papers

I did look at the papers on the desk.  They appeared to be a collection of
hand-written sermon notes.  It looked like they had been piled at one end of
the desk and the murderer had swept them around in a kind of haphazard
fashion.  I didn't read any of them, though bearing in mind what happened
later I have wondered if they had some bearing on this case.  At the time, I
figured that the content wasn't relevant and anyways - I get preached at
enough from my sister and her husband, you know?  And they don't even go to
church.

> examine pen pot

I don't recall much about the pen pot.  It was incidental, you know?
Real-life is not like the movies.  We don't examine every single item and
then - gasp - one of us finds a strand of hair or a fingerprint in some
really unusual place that solves the crime for us.  You see a pen pot that's
been knocked over, you make a mental note to have it dusted for prints but
you don't go picking it up and smelling it to see if you can figure out what
toothpaste the killer is using.  It was just a pen pot that got knocked over
when the killer was messing with the desk.  If you ask me about the
individual pens I swear to God that I will stab you in the eye with a fork.

> examine individual pens

Luckily for you, I don't have a fork to hand.

> examine light switch

I told you that the light was on, right?  Now that's what we in the force
would call a 'clue'.  You can tell something from a light being on.  Sit back
and prepare to be amazed.

The first, and most obvious, thing that you might deduce is that this meant
that the crime took place at night.  People have their lights on at night.
The light was on, ergo, it was night.  That's small potatoes for a case like
this though.  It's not going out on a limb to assume that it happened at
night.

However, what's more interesting is when you consider that this is supposed
to be a robbery gone wrong.  So why's the light on?  Was Denvers working in
the study?  If so, why would you break in through the study window?  Maybe
the killer turned on the light.  But why?  There was no reason to assume that
the place was empty - Denvers' car was still round the back.  It makes no
sense.

Put this with the other clues in the room and you'll see why I quickly ruled
out the bungled break-in theory.

Hang on.  I'm not done yet.

The next question I ask is why is the light still on.  The killer left
without turning it off.  A study light left on all night is the sort of thing
that attracts the attention of neighbours.  A calculated killer turns off the
light.  A panicked killer gets out as quick as they can.  So which category
does our perp fit in to?

Of course, if you think about it too much you can get yourself into all kinds
of knots.  'Maybe the killer wants me to think that they're panicked so they
deliberately left the light on...' and all that kind of jazz.  In reality,
you just go with where the rest of the evidence is pointing.  And in this
case, it was pointing clearly towards the killer not really having a clue
about what they were doing.  They left the front door open, for Pete's sake.

Pretty amazing that we couldn't get any good forensic evidence from this
site, you know?  Killer was lucky this time.  Lucky or...something else.

> examine mirror

Yeah, the mirror.  It was the sort of piece that fixed in your eye-line.  A
focal point, if you will.  Mirrors are usually a red herring.  We think
they're important because...I don't know...maybe we think they'll link us to
the killer in some way.  I see my reflection the same way that they saw
theirs - that kind of thing?  Is that too metaphysical for you?  But like I
said, in reality - the cold, hard reality of homicide - they give you
nothing.  You see, they don't usually turn up clues unless someone broke or
moved them.  I had no reason at this time to pay too much attention to it.
Maybe I would have done if I'd known what this case would become.

These days I don't like mirrors too much.  I don't like the guy who stares
back at me.

> examine broken window

You remember what Mateo said?  He figured that the killer had come in through
the window?  Well, if he'd checked the scene more closely he would have
figured out what really happened pretty quickly.

When you check a broken window, it's child's play to tell which side it was
broken from.  I didn't need to do much more than run my hand over the carpet
to confirm what I'd first thought.  The broken glass was on the outside,
which meant that the window had been broken from the inside.  You see, when
you smash a window you...OK, OK, you get it.

So, anyway, this meant that the killer probably hadn't come in through the
window.  My first instinct was that they'd come in through the door - which
probably meant that Denvers had let them in.  This tallied with what the
corpse told me; that Denvers had known the killer or at the least didn't feel
threatened by them.

What this also told me was that someone had broken the window, probably
during or after the crime.  I couldn't see it being during - Denvers didn't
put up a fight - so it must have been after.  Which meant that someone was
trying to play games with us.  Probably, I thought, the killer trying to set
up the break-in gone wrong story.  So this meant, to me, that the killer
didn't have a clue.  Like I said, spotting that the window was broken on the
inside was kindergarten stuff.  I was painting a picture of our killer here,
and this was not the work of a professional.  This was the work of an
amateur.

> examine bookcase

It was a big bookcase, and I noticed right away that it was pretty full.
That was important, because it makes things like missing books stand out.
There were a few books missing from a couple of the rows.

Maybe he loaned them out?  That's a reasonable idea, right?  Well, I knew
that probably wasn't the case.  They'd been taken from his shelf by the
killer.  How could I be sure about that?  It's difficult to be too sure about
anything, but the most obvious solution is usually the right one.  Orcam's
razor, or whatever it is.  The bloody handprints on the bookcase and books
seemed to suggest to me that the most obvious solution was that the killer
took some books.

> examine missing books

You ever wonder what books a Roman Catholic priest has in his study?  Well,
don't lose any sleep over it.  They were mostly religious stuff.

There were some books missing.  Did I already tell you that?  Anyway, there
were, so I took a look at the ones that were there hoping to find a clue as
to which ones were missing.  No good.  There didn't seem to be any pattern to
the way that the books were arranged so it was impossible to tell which ones
were missing.

I don't remember much about the books that were there.  As I said, they were
mostly religious books and I don't know much about that.  I remember this one
book - Vatican II - because it sounded like a movie sequel.  I went and
looked that one up afterwards.  It was just a collection of essays and things
from a Roman Catholic council.  I noticed that he also had a copy of The Da
Vinci Code, which was unexpected.

> examine bloody handprints

They were smeared, but they were definitely handprints.  It was too difficult
to tell if there were any identifying features - you know, like missing
fingers or anything like that - but I was pretty confident that our forensics
guys could get something good from these.  Maybe even a fingerprint or two.

Of course, I was intrigued as to why the killer had stolen some books.  Like
with the other things that I'd noted, my first instinct was to put it down to
a poor attempt to make this look like a burglary attempt.  Although my
instincts were good, they let me down this time.  Not for the last time in
this case.  The books were important.  But I don't want to get ahead of
myself.

> go west

Thank you for playing the introduction to Apokalupsis.

I hope that you enjoyed this taster, and enjoy playing the other entries in
the ADRIFT Intro Comp 2009/

Please feel to PM me or post a review with comments and feedback.

. . . .  Press a key to continue

(P.S.  For those that examined the bookcase - I know that it's 'Occam's
Razor' really...)

. . . .  Press a key to continue
