Loading game...

The Average Life
     You are an average person, aren't you? You have an average job, as a
small clerk in a small average company. You have the average kind of house,
the average furniture sets, average pets - a few average-looking goldfishes,
and have always led an average life. Today is just another average day, which
you have grown used to, isn't it......?
Please enter your name:

> Petter
Please choose the player's gender (male or female):

> male

> open cupboard
You slowly open the cupboard. There are nothing too special inside other
than...... Wait, there is a card!

> get card
You take the card from the cupboard.

> out
You move out.

Gate of House
You are now at the gate of the house. You looked sadly back into the house,
and saw the landlord and his family enjoying a comedy show on the television.
Deep in your heart, you have always wanted to join them, but never found the
courage to, thus always appeared an average, quiet man to them.  You can move
north, east, west and in.

> w
You move west.

Street
Walking onto the street, you realised that the local bar is just ahead. You
wondered if you should go into it. After all, you have never gone into it
before......  You can move east and in.

> in
You move in.

The Bar
Cautiously, you stepped into the bar, wondering who is "Baldy". But, you
found "Baldy" easily, him being the only person with no hair at all, seated
by the window, and eyeing everybody who comes in and out of the bar...
Exit(s) is/are --- out.

> give card to baldy
"So you indeed are the guy! Come with me immediately!" Baldy boomed. Your
curiousity gripped you like a vice, and you followed him into a heavily
guarded room......

Guarded Room
You kept following Baldy, till you reached a heavily guarded room. Baldy then
stopped and said, "Go into the room, my boss has been waiting for you." With
that, you were shoved into the room, and you could hear a 'click', for they
locked the door. A man in a black suit smiled and greeted you, "So, you are
Petter! Why, have you forgotten your old friend?"

> talk to man
"We used to be the best of friends, and I still hope we are, unless you have
forgotten me already...... We were both small pickpockets in the past, and
barely could earn enough to fill our stomachs... One day, we picked a rich
fellow's pockets, but you were found out, and given a bitter beating. I ran
away in time, but have been sorry for leaving you in the lurch all this
time...... I have made it big through the years, but I never forgotten about
you. All this time, I have my men searching for you all around, and finally I
found you! Come, I will show you the life I am leading now, then you shall
decide, whether to join me, or to remain in your little house, an average and
lonely man....."

Alley
Joe took you to the alley, taking a few of his bodyguards along. A drug
addict is lying on the ground, but got up as soon as he saw Joe. He begged,
"Give me more drugs! Please, I will pay you! I promise! I......" Joe pulled a
gun out of his jacket, and passed it to you. "Shoot him, Petter."

> refuse
"You are a clever man, Petter..." Joe spoke. All of the sudden, police
officer appeared out of nowhere, and pointed all their guns at Joe.........
The officers later explained that they have been tailing you ever since you
pick up the card from Joe, so as to arrest the infamous drug lord, Joe......
Knowing that, you went back to your average life, with the knowledge that you
had a not-too-average past too.......................
You scored 30 out of the maximum 35!
That is 85% of the game!
You finished 5 points short.

[Press any key to end]
