Loading game...

Blood Relatives

Main room

Main room
You are in the main room of the Sophire household. It is an impressive sight,
not least of which because there is a dead body lying in the middle of the
floor. The walls are decorated with tapestries, paintings, and numerous other
things that Mother probably found in some old jumble sale somewhere - all too
tedious to describe in any greater detail. And south is the impressive front
door of Sophire Mansion. Exits lie east, west, south, northeast and up.
Mother and Father are here.

> open coffin
You open the coffin. Inside (not very surprisingly) lies the dead body of
Aunt Petunia.

> x petunia
Holding your nose against the unwholesome smell of death and decay, you pry
through Aunt Petunia's burial garments and come across a lovely brooch which
you quickly swipe.

> x henry's painting
Uncle Henry's painting is just a simple one: Henry smoking his pipe, smiling,
humming a tune...
   Humming a tune? You can hear him humming!
   "Indeed you can, my dear," says Uncle Henry from the painting. "I have
important news for you and felt this was as good a way as any of passing it
onto you."
   "But what if I had never examined this painting?" you ask.
   Henry frowns. "Then you would have wound up dead. But you did examine the
painting and so therefore you shall not die." He pauses a moment and amends
that to, "or probably not. Or actually, you probably will still die but at
least this way you'll have a more sporting chance. Anyway. Listen carefully.
Go to my room and lift my bed. I've hidden something very important for you
there."
   "Y1r room?" you say. "I never even knew you had a room here."    Uncle
Henry sighs. "West from the top of the stairs. Honestly, child, I've never
known anyone as unobservant as you. Go to my room and find the item I've left
for you."
   "What is it?" yu ask and wait patiently for a response. Which you fail to
get. When you look carefully at the painting again you see the reason for
this. It's just a painting once more. Any hint of the magic that animated it
is gone.
    "Really, Sophie," Father remarks. "Y1'll have to do something about this
talking to inanimate objects problem of yours."

> u
You move up.

Top of stairs

Top of stairs
Sophie is at the top of the stairs. The entirety of the Sophire household is
spread out around her: corridors seem to lead off in every imaginable
direction. Northwards, however, is her room, whereas directly above her is a
hole in the ceiling. Exits lie north, south, northeast, southwest and down.
There is also an exit to the west, one which you have never noticed before.

> n
You move north.

Your room

Your room
You are in your room. If there were prizes given out for having the untidiest
bedroom in the world, you'd win it in a second. Clothes are strewn
everywhere, as are empty beer cans, books, posters, foreign coins of less
value than the metal they are minted from, and lots of other items which
don't really warrant a better description than 'lots of other items'. Amidst
the carnage here is your bed and also a window although the location of
either is a mystery to you right now. Exits lie south.

Also here is a gold coin.

> tidy room
You decide to tidy your room. Alas, exhaustion gets the better of you after
six hours or so and you have to give up the whole idea as a bad job for
another decade or two. On the plus side, however, you did find your bed.

> quit
Do you really want to quit? [Y/N]
