Loading game...

Adventures of Bob Bobsly
Welcome to the Adventures of Bob Bobsly. You (take a guess) are the dumb
peanut butter hating secret agent of the the Secret Secret Very Secret Secret
Service, or SSVSSS for short. Your arch enemy Ihava Headache is been spotted
at the Pennington Nightclub and it is your job to arrest him. Your boss
Freddy Bigmouth is going to send Don Tootyfrooty, your partner, along with
you to finish this operation. The story will start outside the nightclub.

> i
You are wearing spiffy tuxedo, and you are carrying kodak camera, poison pen,
9.mm handgun and laser writer.

> score
Your score is 0 out of a maximum of 155.  (0%)

> add yourself to the guestlist
You take out your laser writer and scribble your name on the guest list, oh
yeah, and Don's.

> n
You move north.

Dancefloor of Nightclub
You are on the dance floor of the nightclub. Go back south to get outside. To
the east is the bar where the bartender is serving drinks. To the west is the
mens toilets. There is a staircase leading somewhere up into the nightclub.
This place sure is packed.

You can move east, south, west and up.

> e
You move east.

The Bar
This is the bar. There are some drunk people sitting on there bar stools
guzzlin down on some martini's. The bartender is making drinks. There is a
large wad of gum hanging off the table.

Also here is wad of gum.

You can only move west.

> buy a drink
You were ordered by your boss not to have any alcohol tonight. Damn!

> take gum
You pick up wad of gum.

> w
You move west.

Dancefloor of Nightclub
You are on the dance floor of the nightclub. Go back south to get outside. To
the east is the bar where the bartender is serving drinks. To the west is the
mens toilets. There is a staircase leading somewhere up into the nightclub.
This place sure is packed.

You can move east, south, west and up.

> w
You move west.

Mens Toilets
This is the Gents, and a stinky gents at that. There are a few, ahem,
occupants at the cubicles. You are feeling the urge to use one of the
cubicles. The cubicles are to the west.

You can move east and west.

> w
You move west.

Cubicle
An unocupied cubicle with a crapper.  There is an air vent above the toilet
that looks a little loose.

You can move east and west.

> use toilet
You unzip your fly and let the good times role.

> remove air vent
You stand on the dunny and remove the air vent cover. It seems to lead
upwards.

> w
You move west.

Air Vent
A long airvent tunneling all the way to the north.

You can move north and east.

> n
You move north.

Air Vent Section
After a few minutes of crawling you arrive at a section which has another
grate. You remove it. It isn't a long drop to the ground.

You can only move south.

> chew gum
You do the unthinkable and chew the old wad of gum. You find a coin in it.
For being brave and chewing the unthinable, I will award you with a bonus 10
points.

> blow bubble
You blow a bubble, you get an idea. You squeeze through the vent and drop
down. Your bubble acts as a parachute and you slowly drop down to the office
floor.

> yes
Hi, this is Don. I've just spotted Ivana, he's upstairs in the secret lab.
Come quickly! To get out of the office type beam me up scotty.

> beam me up scotty
Strangley enough it works! You warp back into the dancefloor!

> u
You move up.

Upstairs
Upstairs is a large door guarded by a guard. He is looking tired and there is
a coffee machine next to him. "Hey buddy, could you give me a coffee? There
only 10 cents!"

You can only move down.

> buy coffee
You put the coin into the slot and get out your plastic cup of coffee.

> use poison pen with coffee
You squirt some poison into the coffee. You now have a poison potion!
Muhahahah, uh, well, getting back to the game.

> give coffee to guard
You give the coffee to the guard and he takes a sip. He falls over instanly
paralyzed. Time to make your sneak!

> n
You move north.

Secret Lab
The long secret lab! In the corner is Ihava! He is sitting near a Wapromatic
5000 warp machine, or so stated by the large fluro sign! He is holding a
machinegun in your general direction. " I have heard of you, you are the
stupid idiotic spy Bob eh? Well, bare in mind that my machinegun is loaded
with peanut butter! Come closer and I'll blast you, you filthy git!"

You can only move south.

> score
Your score is 120 out of a maximum of 155.  (77%)

> shoot Ihava
You pull out your gun and start firing. Bad aim, you hit the ceiling, the
floor, the walls but miss Ihava by a good 75cm! He quickly jumps into the
Warpomatic and zooms away!
Ihava got away and you closley escaped a peanut buttery fate, but its not
over yet! Be sure to play, Adventures of Bob Bobsly 2, coming soon... Oh
yeah, if you would like to talk to the creator of Bob Bobsly, please e-mail
him at diablo@dragonslave.com for or your fan or hate mail. I'll Be Back!
You scored 155 out of the maximum 155!
That is 100% of the game!
Well done - you scored maximum points!
