Loading game...

Boiled Eggs
The conversation with Louise starts rather strangely, it must be said. She
turns to me one day when we're watching deal or no deal, and says: "Do you
believe in magic?"

Unsure, you mumble "Sort of..."

"You know Mr. Wright?"

"Old Joe, he's that old man you cook for, yeah?" She's been working for him
for seven months.

"Yeah, well he's got this little wooden box thing, and it's... well, it's
kinda weird."

"Weird how?"

"It just... never mind." She falls silent, and turns her attention back to
the tv screen.

Refusing to let it drop, you urge her to continue.

"He uses it to... get things. Things he wants. He wishes for stuff, and the
box shakes a bit, and it just... happens. The stuff he wishes for just turns
up, in his pocket or in the kitchen or three feet above my head."

"What does he wish for?" you ask, wondering at the endless possibilities
presented by this.

"Boiled eggs. Perfectly cooked boiled eggs, he loves them, it's all he wishes
for."

Your brain starts working overtime. The most incredible gift in the world at
his fingertips, and he uses it for eggs?! What a waste! So, in the interest
of world peace, curing cancer, and getting mightily wealthy at the same time,
you decide to liberate the little box, and whatever's in it. It's only fair.
So now you've got to get as much information from Louise as you can,
preferably without raising her suspicions.

> talk to louise
First, you decide to get his address. "Old Joe... he's the guy who lives on
Elm Street, right?"

" Wickham street, north of the park." Luckily she's still distracted by Deal
or no Deal, making it much easier to get information out of her.

"Right, of course, just by the corner shop."

"No, further up by the skate park, he lives at number 58."

"Right, right, of course."

> talk to louise
"I sometimes worry about old people like that. They're not safe."

"How d'ya mean?" she says, taking another handful of crisps.

"Well, you know what they're like. They put a key under a flowerpot or the
doormat and expect nobody to find it."

"Yeah..."

Not exactly the response you were hoping for. What do you do?

1) Drop it
2) Ask directly
3) Be subtle.

> 2
"Does he keep a spare outside?"

"Yeah, that's how I get in. It's always under the loose flagstone on his
path."

"Oh, ok. Well at least nobody would guess that."

> talk to louise
"This magic box - you're just pulling my leg, aren't you. There's no magic
box hidden in his cupboards."

"No, I swear! I'm not lying! Under his bed, and it actually works, I've seen
it!"

"Well, I don't know... I'm not convinced."

> talk to louise
"So is he asleep when you get there, or what?"

"He wakes up when I open the door. He's a really light sleeper, I never have
to go and wake him." Great.

> north
You've found out what you need to know, so you leave and walk to Old Joe's
house.
It's only a twenty minute walk, so soon enough you're standing outside his
house in the garden.

Old Joe's garden
The old stone path leads up to the window and the front door, where
flowerpots, rocks, a doormat and so on leave any number of possible hiding
places for the key.

There's a stone here too, lying inconspicuously in the middle of the grass.
Now you've just got to find it...

> lift the loose flagstone
Heaving the flagstone off the path, you see a small brass key in the dirt
beneath it. You pocket it, and push the stone back in place.

> unlock the front door with the key
You quietly turn the key in the lock. Waiting for the click, you then push
the door open slowly...

Whereupon you are ambushed by a tiny, but very ferocious, dog. It seizes your
leg and starts growling angrily. You just about manage to kick the thing off,
shutting it outside where it begins yapping at the door.

Is there any chance he didn't hear that?

Hallway
The dingy hallway is lined with pictures. Dark red carpet and dark red walls
give it a claustrophobic feel.

> up
You creep gingerly up the stairs, careful not to make the slightest noise.

Staircase
The dark, carpeted stairs lead to the upstairs hallway. There are more
pictures along the wall.
Hiding behind the bannister, you can hear the sound of a door opening, and
shuffling feet leaving the bedroom. Old Joe goes into the bathroom. Do you
have time to get the box before he comes back?

> up
As silently as you know how, you hurry upstairs.

Upstairs hallway
The dark red colour scheme is starting to get really oppressive. Still more
disapproving women glare at you from their frames.
Probably not a good idea to hang about, I think. You can hear movement in the
bathrom; that means the bedroom's clear...

> north
You slip into Old Joe's bedroom, home of that little magical box that could
hold the answer to all your problems...

Bedroom
Old Joe's bedroom is much airier than the rest of the house. In fact the
overall colour scheme is grey. This doesn't make for a vast improvement. His
grey single bed is wedged in the corner by the window.

> look under bed
Searching under the bed, you see a simple, plain wooden box. The film of dust
that lays over everything seems to have not touched the box... it must be
regularly used.

> hide under the bed
You shuffle quickly underneath the bed.

> wait
Time passes...
Joe shuffles towards the bed - you now have a fantastic view of his fuzzy
grey slippers - and gets in.
Joe is tossing and turning.

> wait
Time passes...
His breathing becomes slower and regular.
It sounds as if Joe is asleep now.

> stand up
You stand up.

> take box
You take the box.

> climb out of window
You clamber out of the window as quietly as you can.

Old Joe's garden
The old stone path leads up to the window and the front door, where
flowerpots, rocks, a doormat and so on leave any number of possible hiding
places for the key.

There's a stone here too, lying inconspicuously in the middle of the grass.
There's no sign of the dog...

> open box
You open the box.
You summon the willpower to keep the box shut until you get home.Back in your
bedroom, you open the box, and are filled with joy at the prospect of as many
boiled eggs as you want for the rest of your life! Finally, there will be no
limit of boiled eggs! You can have boiled eggs forever! Then you go to sleep,
and dream of boiled eggs. Congratulations. You have everything you could ever
possibly want in that box.
