Loading game...

Briefcase

"You get into the house. You go up to the study. You look on the top shelf of
the cupboard. You take the briefcase. You bring me the briefcase. I give you
the money. You do not, under any circumstances, try to open the briefcase.
Okay? Good."
BRIEFCASE
by Woodfish

Type 'about' for details
 Distant church bells are chiming midnight above the rooftops as you make
your way through the thin cobbled streets, ducking between alleyways and
leaping over rooftops while the large moon shines down, casting long shadows
over the city. To others, you are just another of these fleeting shadows, a
patch of moving darkness in the night. But the truth is this - you are
Julius, master thief of the Southbanks. The brickwork is cold on your hands
as you flit from building to building, slipping through the darkness. This is
what you really enjoy - darting through the city streets at night, the
streaming wind in your hair, and fresh air in your lungs. It is all too soon
when you finally reach the target house, and drop down to perch on a
window-sill at the back.

 Acting quickly, you pull out a long golden rod, and push it steadily into
the lock on the window. With a sharp click and a whirr, the lock snaps open,
leaving you to slide open the window and climb silently inside...

Short Corridor
Moonlight glows through the window behind you, giving light to the short
corridor. A small, antique table sits along one wall, decorated with a vase
of tulips. Above it hangs a small mirror, through which you can see your face
half vieled by darkness. The short stretch of cream carpet leads north along
the corridor and deeper into the house, or east into what appears to be the
dining room.

> north
You move north.

Hall
Further into the heart of the house, there is much less light, and the sounds
of the street outside seem strangely muted. Across the hall, there stands a
large grandfather clock, and next to it an umbrella stand. In the wall
opposite is a doorway leading west to the rest of the house. Taking up most
of the hall, however, is a wide staircase, leading to the upper-floor of the
house. A short corridor leads back south.

The ticking of the grandfather clock echoes through the hall.

> up
You climb the stairs slowly, one step at a time. As you ascend, your
surroundings seem to get darker, and the sounds of the old grandfather clock
get more distant.

Your heart skips a beat as there is a sudden creeeeak! from the stair beneath
your foot - a loose floorboard. You freeze, standing absolutely still, your
heart pounding, straining to hear the opening of a door, or the padding of
moving feet. But no, everything stays quiet. After a good three minutes have
passed, you are certain that no-one is aware of your presence, and you
continue on your way.

Upstairs Landing
The landing consists of a wide area of carpet, taken up by a large, grand
piano - its looming shape only just visible in the darkness, despite it being
only a few feet away from you. There is a closed door in the north wall,
beside a long corridor stretching west. The wide staircase leads back down
beneath you.

> west
You move west.

Long Corridor
A large window at the end of the corridor spills light onto this corridor,
glittering across the walls of exquisite paintings. Opposite them stands a
wall of three doors, each leading to a bedroom, as evidenced by the fact that
there are very gentle snores drifting out of each. The corridor diverts its
course to the north-west, or leads back to the landing to the east.

There is a large golden retriever lying asleep in the corridor.

> wake dog
Not completely sure of yourself, you bend down and stroke the dog's glossy
coat. It stirs, and looks at you with sleepy eyes, before rising to its feet.

> z
Time passes...

> z
Time passes...

> nw
You take a few cautious steps along the corridor, but pause. There's no way
you can get to the other end without disturbing the dog some way.

A whine escapes the mouth of the dog - he seems to be bored with you now, and
turns around to wander downstairs. You listen to his paw-steps padding down
the stairs, and then let out the breath you've been holding. Now - back to
business.

> nw
You follow the corridor around the corner.

End of Corridor
The corridor finishes at a closed wooden door, leading further north-west.
Behind you, the corridor leads back to the south-east.

> pick lock
You insert the pick into the keyhole, and it clicks into place. There is a
click as the lock mechanism is released, and then you withdraw the lock-pick,
the door now unlocked.

> open door
The door swings open, revealing the study to the north-west.

> nw
You step into the study.

Study
The study, in contrast to the rest of the house, is fairly bare, with
varnished wooden floorboards decking the floor. A simple wooden desk takes up
one wall of the small room, with a heavily-curtained window above it. A chair
is pulled up in front of the desk. The rest of the study is occupied by a
large bookshelf. A door (open) leads out to the south-east.

> open curtains
You pull open the curtains, and soft moonlight ripples in.

> stand on chair
You stand on the chair.

> stand on desk
You climb onto the desk from the chair.

> take briefcase
You pull down the briefcase, and hop back to the floor. As you do, you
suddenly hear the sound of a siren - very faint - but a siren nonetheless. It
takes you a moment to realise that the sound is coming from within the
briefcase.

> z
Time passes...

> z
Time passes...

You freeze suddenly, as there is movement at the doorway, and the door swings
shut. There is a sharp click of a key turning in the lock - someone has
locked you in! A clear voice then calls out from the corridor outside.

"I know you're in there, thief, the dog woke me," it says, a male voice -
probably the owner of the house. "The police will be here in seconds. Don't
think of escaping, that window is unbreakable."

Damn! How could this happen to you, Julius, the uncatchable master-thief?
There's got to be some way out of this one...

> open case
Desperate, you open the briefcase to see if there is anything useful inside.

At first, you think it is empty - just a dark, hollow interior. But looking
closer, you begin to pick out details in the darkness - the glinting of the
moonlight on tarmac, and cigarette-end in the gutter. A breeze gusts up from
inside the briefcase, cooling your face. You peer down into the briefcase, in
wonder. This is some kind of - some kind of window, leading out onto the
street!

You put a hand into the briefcase, and sure enough, you feel a tangible
breeze as it enters the street the other side of the briefcase. The siren
gets louder, this time clearly coming from the street within the briefcase.
This could be the escape you've been looking for!

Nervously, you set the briefcase onto the ground.

> in
Taking one last desperate look at the door, you stand over the briefcase, and
gently lower youself down. There is a curious moment half-way down when your
feet make contact with the ground below and your head is still level with the
study floor, and you wonder what passers by would think if they saw half your
body on a London pavement. But then you are through, onto the road the
otherside, shivering with the night's chill.

The siren is now louder, almost deafening. Headlights shine in front of you,
and you have to dive out of the way to miss the oncoming police car, which
speeds down the road behind you. As it drives into the misty distance, the
siren fades into silence, and you are left alone on the road.

No wonder your client didn't want you to open the briefcase. It has remained
floating in the air, the study ceiling still visible inside. You pull it out
of the air, and snap it shut. A magic briefcase, then? You open it once more,
and this time see a patch of lighter ground inside, which you recognise as
being your home, next to the river. No amount of money is going to make you
hand it back to your client now, and clutching it firmly in one hand, you
walk into the distance, while the moon shines down above...

Life has just got more interesting for Julius, master-thief of the
Southbanks.

[The end]
