Loading game...

Beethro's Text Adventure (Demo)
Beethro awakened from his mid-afternoon slumber to find one of his nephews
prodding at him. "Wake up, unca Beethro!" he squeaked. "You've got an
impor... imp... important message from the king!"
"Dugan? I've about had it up to here with the guy." Beethro groaned, rolling
over in his bed. "If this is about some exterminating job, I swear, I'll go
up there and..."
"Unca Beethro, the messenger said the king would pay you 5,000 greckles to
get ridda his problem!"
Beethro rolled over again to face his nephew. "Did you just say 5,000? That's
an incredible amount for stingy old Dugan. I wonder what kind of pestilence
is pestering him today?"
"I dunno, unca Beethro, but you'd better get up there quick, the messenger
said it was ur... urgent!"
"I don't see how anything Dugan has to hire me for can be considered urgent,
since he rarely ever puts those dungeons of his to proper use. But since I'm
awake, I might as well see what he wants. That is a lot of money... just so
long as he's not asking me to exterminate all 25 floors again." Beethro
heaved himself out of bed, and his nephew scurried out through the front
door.

Welcome to the Beethro's Text Adventure Demo! Type HELP to get a number of
typical text adventure game commands and their [abbreviations], or type MORE
HELP for some general game-playing advice. If you're really stuck, move to
the room that contains your problem and type HINT.

(Click the "More" button or hit Enter to continue)

The Bedroom
Beethro stands amid the piles of miscellaneous junk that litter his bedroom.
The only thing of interest in this room is the bed, a very ornate piece of
furniture carved from a rare wood only found in the Plains. Beethro figures
if you're going to sleep, you might as well sleep in style. To the east is
the bathroom and to the north is the main room of the house, the living room.

Beethro's really big sword is here.

> get sword
Beethro take the really big sword.

> n
Beethro moves north.

The Living Room
The living room is easily the largest room in the house. Half of it is taken
up by a mountain of letters, most of them in blue envelopes. The stove sits
near them, burning cheerily, ready to take in a few shovelfuls of letters
should the mountain start to get near the ceiling. Aside from that, there is
also an extremely soft (one might say too soft) couch positioned near the
stove to catch its heat, and a wooden card table. A window in the southwest
corner gives a lovely view of the village and adds some much-needed sunlight.
The kitchen is to the north, the bedroom lies to the south, and the entryway
is to the west.

> w
Beethro moves west.

The Entryway
Beethro's entryway is a short hall where visitors can stomp the dirt off
their boots and hang up their coats. A wall-mounted coat rack hangs on the
north wall, while the village can be seen through a window to the south. To
the east is the living room, and moving west will take you outdoors.

> w
Beethro moves west.

Outside Beethro's House
Beethro stands on the dirt path that leads up to his house, at the top of
Throdinger Hill. There are no other houses on this hill; the majority of the
population not living in the Low Spaces resides in the village, placed on a
series of hills a ways to the southwest. The inevitable crossroads lies
downhill to the west, connecting this path to the Market Square and,
ultimately, the rest of Dugandy. The entrance to Beethro's house is up the
hill to the east.

> w
Beethro moves west.

A Crossroads
This is one of the ever-present crossroads that inevitably work themselves in
when you're trying to make a text adventure game. To the north is Beethro's
own restaurant, the Roasted Roach Grill. To the south lies the village, the
residency of most of the occupants of Dugandy, and to the west is Market
Square.

> w
Beethro moves west.

Market Square
This enourmous square is one of the few paved locations in Dugandy, and is
where most of the King's subjects spend their time if they're not at home.
There are always at least a few people milling about among the numerous
stalls and booths, where everything from peppers to produce can be had for
decently low prices. To the north is the path up the mountain that leads to
King Dugan's Castle; to the west is a narrow trail that leads into the Dark
Forest, and a duo of crossroads lies to the east and south.

> s
Beethro moves south.

Another Crossroads
Yes, it's another uninteresting crossroads. To the west is the fields, to the
east is the village, Market Square is to the north, and the trail leading
down to the Low Spaces is to the south.

A royal guard stands here, blocking access to the Low Spaces.

> w
Beethro moves west.

The Fields
This expanse of fields is where most of the kingdom's crop-growing activity
takes place. It's not too large, and it is, amazingly enough, almost
completely flat, in contrast to the hilly terrain that dominates the area.
Currently there are no crops growing here; the harvesting season recently
ended and the citizens are waiting for winter to end before they plant
anything else. A crossroads is to the east, and a dusty trail is visible to
the north.

There is an iron stake lying on the ground here.

> get iron stake
Beethro take the iron stake.

> n
Beethro moves north.

A Dusty Trail
This seldom-used trail leads out of the kingdom and into the Dark Forest,
which looms ominously up ahead. Very few people go into the Dark Forest, and
fewer come back, though lumberjacks are often seen at its edge chopping down
wood to build something or other. The trail leads west into the Dark Forest
and east into Market Square.

> w
Beethro attempts to head west, but only succeeds in smacking into a force
field. "Oh, right." he grumbles. "It's only a demo."

> quit
Do you really want to quit? [Y/N]
