Loading game...

The Evil Chicken of Doom!

"Dear god. That chicken has two noses!"

"Shut up. Chicken's don't have noses."

"No. They don't. But that one has two!"

"Yeah right. Let me see about this."

"Oh."

"my."

"god. That chicken does have two noses!?"

"We have to do something, a chicken like that must evil magic powers."

"How do you think that?"

"Well, he has two noses! Imagine what other unimaginable evil things he could
conjure up!"

"Hmmm...you're right, we better do something about him."

"I know! Let's throw a brick at him!"

"No, no. That wouldn't work! We'd have to do something fiendishly clever!
Something he would not expect, because if we just start throwing things at
him, he might use his evil powers to kill us."

"Yeah, you're right.....I know! Let's throw a brick at him!"

"You know what Steve, I think I'll find a way to kill the chicken..."

"Yeah, I'll stay here and look for a brick."

>You take the spade from off the wall and stick it in your enormously large
pocket.

"Hey, that's my spade!" Steve screams at you.

"Steve, do you even know what a spade is." You reply, knowing Steve has no
idea what he's talking about.

"Sure I do...it's for spading!" He shouts, thinking he's right.

"Steve, you just keep on looking for that brick. I'll take the spade." You
reply calmly.

"Well...ok. But for my birthday, you'd better get me a spade!" Steve replies,
and then goes back to pointlessly looking for the brick.

>You're stupid, aren't you.

>You move north.
Yard
You're standing in the front yard of the old abandoned farm. Back in '78, the
man who owned this place choked to death on a spoon, and this place has been
empty ever since. All that's left now are the unpicked weeds, the unpainted
shed, and the large rock in the center of the yard, which seems to be a comet
that hit Earth. To the North is the house, to the East is the garden, and
South is the Chicken Coop, where the chicken plans his evil deeds.

>You grab the key from the weeds and jam it into your pocket.

"Damn, I'm good," you say outloud, but no one's around to hear it.

>You unlock the door and enter the house.

>Looking around to see no one's watching, you grab the hammer and then begin
dancing.

"It's Hammer Time!" You shout, doing the worst MC Hammer impression the world
has ever seen.

>You move south.
Yard
You're standing in the front yard of the old abandoned farm. Back in '78, the
man who owned this place choked to death on a spoon, and this place has been
empty ever since. All that's left now are the unpicked weeds, the unpainted
shed, and the large rock in the center of the yard, which seems to be a comet
that hit Earth. To the North is the house, to the East is the garden, and
South is the Chicken Coop, where the chicken plans his evil deeds.

>You move east.
Garden
The small garden used to grow carrots, potatos, and a weird breed of
vegetable called "Muckshot", but now it's just a big pile of dirt. And this
isn't even interesting dirt like you see at all the dirt farms, this is
bottom of the barrell dirt, stuff that even a hobo wouldn't sleep on.

>You jam the spade into the dirt, and shovel like there's a big shoveling
competition going on. Soon, you discover a large chainsaw at the bottom.
(Note: Please, ignore the fact that finding a chainsaw at the bottom of a
garden is illogical. A game about a two-nosed chicken isn't supposed to be
realistic.)

>You move west.
Yard
You're standing in the front yard of the old abandoned farm. Back in '78, the
man who owned this place choked to death on a spoon, and this place has been
empty ever since. All that's left now are the unpicked weeds, the unpainted
shed, and the large rock in the center of the yard, which seems to be a comet
that hit Earth. To the North is the house, to the East is the garden, and
South is the Chicken Coop, where the chicken plans his evil deeds.

>Using your great cutting skills, you manage to cut through the shed and free
the door. If only your chainsaw instructor was alive to see this, he'd be
proud.

>You move west.
Shed
The first thing you realize about the shed, is that it's not really a shed,
just a shelf. There's nothing else in here, even the floor is spotlessly
clean. One measly shelf. Man, the farmer who owned this place was a big
idiot.

>No, you don't feel like carrying that around in your pocket, you had enough
trouble sticking the chainsaw in there.

>You hit it with your fist, but that's not strong enough to break it. You then
try kicking it, but you miss and fall. You're going to need something else to
open this thing.

>Using your skills, you bash the hammer against the lock. The toolbox swings
open, revealing a gun inside.

>You spin the gun in your finger and then slide it into your pocket.

"Mr. Chicken, prepare for your final cluck." You say in your action movie one
liner tone.

>You move east.
Yard
You're standing in the front yard of the old abandoned farm. Back in '78, the
man who owned this place choked to death on a spoon, and this place has been
empty ever since. All that's left now are the unpicked weeds, the unpainted
shed, and the large rock in the center of the yard, which seems to be a comet
that hit Earth. To the North is the house, to the East is the garden, and
South is the Chicken Coop, where the chicken plans his evil deeds.  The
unpainted shed now lies open, ready to be entred to the West.

>You move south.
Chicken Coop
I'm standing here, for no apparent reason, with my good friend Steve. Steve
is currently looking through the hay on the floor for a brick, and given that
none of the buildings within 30 miles of this place are made from brick, he's
looking for a needle in a haystack.

 As I turn away from Steve, I feel a burning sensation in my neck. I turn
around to see the chicken standing in the corner of the barn, staring at me
with his beady eyes and two large noses. I have to stop him before he uses
his evil magic powers to ruin Christmas (Oh wait, I guess I went a little too
far with that one) I can see a door to the North that leads out of this coop.
Steve looks wildly through the hay, almost crying because he can't find one.

>You hear the sound of a man dancing inside your brain. No, I don't know have
any idea what that means.

>It smells bad, probaly because you're in the room.

>You decide against that, since the chicken has mighty supernatural powers,
he'd probaly manage to kill you before you could hit him. You'll need a
better weapon.

>You pull out the gun and aim it at the chicken.

"I hope you have a good time in chicken hell!" You shout aloud, pulling the
trigger.

 You wait for the gunshot, but it never comes. You open the barrell of the
gun, and find it's empty. You begin to panic! The chicken knows you tried to
hurt him, he'll kill you!

"I found a brick!" Steve exclaims as he holds a brick up into the air.

Suddenly, everything goes slo-mo. You can see the brick slowly spinning in
the air, flying towards the chicken. The brick smacks the chicken across the
face, sending him flying backwards into the wall. Steve grins and then leaps
into the air screaming something about eating the chicken. Suddenly, the
slo-mo disappers, replaced by the sounds of sirens.

 "What's that?" Steve says, his grin now gone.

 Police bust into the chicken coop with drawn guns. They throw Steve against
the wall, and then walk over to you.

"Sir, you're under arrest for poultrycide, put your hands in the air and turn
around." The officer says to you, his gun aimed at your head.

You and Steve are carried off, both of you are sentenced to life in prison.
That was the last time either of you threw a brick at something.

The story you have just read is true. The names were changed to protect the
innocent.
