Loading game...

Choose Your Own Three Hour Adventure

I open my eyes.
   It's still dark! Am I blind? Or-
   No. What's that in front of me? It's… it's…
   It's a coffin lid! Dear gods, someone has buried me. And they didn't even
have the decency to wait for me dying first!

1)     Shout for help.
2)     Try and dig my way out.
3)     Indulge in a spot of praying.

> 2

It should be impossible for one man to dig himself out of a coffin with
nothing but his bare hands, but it's surprising what you can do when the
thought of all that soil coming crashing down on you is foremost in your
mind.
   So I smash the coffin, claw my way through the soil beyond, burst through
into the garden above… and then lie there, gasping, and thank my lucky stars
that I survived that.
   When I've finished gasping and struggled to my feet, I take a look around.
I'm in a garden at the back of a large building, perhaps some kind of castle.

1)     Head towards the castle.
2)     Run in another direction.
3)     Wait here and see what happens.

> 1

I approach the castle, wary in case whoever lives inside is responsible for
their attempt to bury me alive. I don't have a weapon, so I'll need to rely
on my skill, ingenuity and common sense. Fortunately, I have oodles of all
three.
   I climb some steps to the main doors of the castle and, perhaps not
surprisingly, find them locked. But, and this is surprising, there is a
half-man, half-goat, half-bulldog creature standing before me with a trident
clutched in its inhuman hands.
   "Got outta the grave, did you?" it grunts. "Well, you ain't gettin' back
inside till you beat me in hand to hand combat."
   It also has eight hands.
   "And if I choose not to fight you?" I ask.
   The half-man, half-goat, half-bulldog creature laughs. "Then you ain't
goin' anywhere."

1)     Fight it.
2)     Trick it.
3)     Stand here and do nothing.

> 2

"Before we fight," I say, "we ought to discuss the rules."
   The half-man, half-goat, half-bulldog creature frowns. "What rules?"
   "The rules of combat, my dear ma- er, half-man, half-goat, half-bulldog
creature. If we don't fight by them, then the fight isn't a fair and just
one."
   The half-man, half-goat, half-bulldog creature frowns some more. "Okay.
What rules?"
   "Well, first of all there is- Say, I bet that trident's awful heavy. Why
don't you lay it down so you don't strain your arms holding it?"
   "Yeah, good point," says the half-man, half-goat, half-bulldog creature
and lays down the trident. "So these rules…?"
   "Yes, the rules of- Hey, I bet you're really hot in all that armour."
   "Well, now that you mention it-"
   "You should loosen it a bit, yes right there at the neck, so you can let a
bit of fresh air in."
   "I'll do that. Collar loosened. Okay, the rules- gugughghyjyjyjyj!"
   "The rules be damned," I say as I swipe the thing's head off with the
trident it dropped. It might have possessed half the qualities of a man, a
goat and a bulldog, but it had the brains of a flea.

1)     Head into the castle.
2)     Look for an alternative entrance.
3)     Strip the half-man, half-goat, half-bulldog creature and take its
place.

> 1

Still clutching the trident, I stride into the castle. It's a shadowy and
grim place inside, some kind of haunted house of hideous horror no doubt. I
peer about myself, noticing a corridor in one wall, a door in another and a
flight of steps leading up. Each one looks equally grim and forbidding.

1)     Go along the corridor.
2)     Open the door.
3)     Climb the steps.

> 1

The corridor reaches a dead end at a wall where a rotund fellow with a shock
of reddish hair can be seen. He's banging frantically away on a laptop and
muttering to himself, bizarre words that probably make little sense.

1)     Attack him.
2)     Speak to him.
3)     See what he's doing on the laptop.

> 1

The moment I approach the figure, he looks up at me, mutters "damnation! Why
can't these malodorous fools realise a genius needs PEACE AND QUIET to work!"
and snaps his fingers.
   My surroundings change.
   I am back in the entrance to the castle again, only this time the corridor
exit is gone. In its place is an "OUT OF ORDER" sign.

1)     Open the door.
2)     Climb the steps.

> 1

I fling the door open, wondering what will be behind it, and find myself
looking at… a wall. A rather boring and ordinary wall with nothing out of the
ordinary about it at all. Aside from the suit of body armour hanging there, of course. Knowing a good
suit of body armour when I encounter it, I quickly slip it on and feel so
much more protected than before.
   A noise from the steps alerts me and I decide it's high time I found out
what was up there.

[MORE]

Heart in mouth (not in the literal sense thankfully), I ascend the steps,
trident held out before me. There is a flash of light when I reach the top
and I find myself stepping forward into… a bedchamber. On the bed is lying a
rather rotund fellow dressed in the traditional garb of the vampire.

1)     Attack him.
2)     Wake him.
3)     Look for a way out.

> 2

The vampire awakens at my touch.
   "Ah, hello," he says, blinking up at you. "The name's Hubert but I prefer
Lord Sinister. What are you doing in my summer retreat?"
   "I don't know," I confess. "I woke up in a grave out back, buried alive,
and then made my way in here. I was looking for whoever did it."
   Hubert/Lord Sinister nods. "Ah, it'll be Sophie you need to speak to."
   "Sophie?"
   "Yes, poor girl. She had an adventure years ago, a big one, but she's got
so impatient waiting for another that she's taken to going out and causing
mischief for other people. It's more than a spot of bother, but what can you
do?"
   "Kill her?" I suggest.
   "That's one option, but I'd prefer to sit her down and give her a good
talking to instead. Anyway, no doubt you'll be wanting to know where she is.
See that puzzle in the corner?"
   "The one that involves arranging 2,015 blocks of slightly varying colour
into the correct order based on size, weight and interior dimensions?"
   "That's the one. Solve it and you'll find out where she is."
   I look at the puzzle. And frown. "Isn't it a bit of a lame puzzle?"
   Hubert/Lord Sinister nods. "'Fraid so. But it's the only way you'll get to
deal with Sophie and the consequences of her actions so you'll have to solve
it all the same."

1)     Solve the puzzle the old fashioned way.
2)     Cheat.
3)     Ask Hubert/Lord Sinister for his advice.

> 2

It's difficult to cheat at this kind of thing, but I manage it somehow. A
moment later (what happened between isn't really worth mentioning), I find
myself leaving the lair of the vampire and stepping into… a cottage in the
English countryside. It looks quite a pleasant little place. If given a
second chance at life, I might well choose something like this myself.
   A sign on one wall indicates that the owner, Mrs Moog, is currently out
but total strangers are advised to open the door and come inside anyway.

1)     Open the door.
2)     Ring the bell.
3)     Go somewhere else.

> 1

Deciding there is no point in ignoring the kind offer on the sign, I open the
door - and trigger the bomb rigged up behind it.

[MORE]

When the smoke and the flames have disappeared, I find myself lying on the
ground, feeling like I've been kicked, hit, punched and beaten to within an
inch of my life. But I didn't die at least. I suppose I ought to be grateful
for that.
   I feel like lying here for a year or so, but know that I can't. I need to
get into that cottage and deal with the little terror who tried to bury me
alive.
   Into the cottage I go.

[MORE]

"I was bored!" says a petulant voice from ahead. "I mean, ker-rist! How much
longer have I got to wait to have another adventure?"
   "You think you've got it hard?" says another voice, this old older and
more detective-like. "I've been waiting twice as long!"
   "You're all better off than me," mutters another voice. "I never even got
an adventure. He got bored partway through and didn't bother finishing it-"
   I step into a large open room. The three people - a little girl, a
grizzled detective, and a teenage boy with a telescope - turn to stare at me.
   "What the heck are you doing here?" the little girl - Sophie - screams. "I
buried you good 'n' proper! You oughta be dead!"
   "Well, I survived," I say. "And you, missy, are in for one damn good
telling off."
   I half expect the detective and the teenager to try and stop me but they
both back off instead.
   "Just you and me, Sophie," I say.
   She sighs. "Well, I beat that evil chaos lord so I shouldn't have much
trouble with you." She rolls her sleeves up and clenches his tiny hands into
fists. "Come on then, give us your best shot."

1)     Fight her.
2)     Try and reason with her.
3)     Refuse to fight her.

> 1

I don't feel at all nervous about the outcome of this fight. She is, after
all, a little girl and I am, after all, a fully grown man. I shouldn't have
much trouble with her if all she's got to fight with are her fists-
   Oh. And the gun.
   "What?" she says, as she points said gun at my head. "Did you think I was
going to fight fair?"
   It's possibly a rhetorical question because before I can answer she pulls
the trigger and-
   And things would doubtless have gone really bad for me then if I didn't
have a full suit of armour on me. As it is, the bullet hits my helmet and
bounces off.
   "Damn!" Sophie cries, stamping her feet in frustration. "That's hardly
fair!"
   I level the trident at her. "You were saying…?"

1)     Stab her.
2)     Spare her.
3)     Ask her why she did it.

> 3

Sophie frowns. "I was bored, y'know. I had an adventure, and a really long
one, in 2003 and I was supposed to have another one in 2004 and then another
in 2005, but they never happened. So I got bored and decided I'd just start
burying people alive in order to give me something to do. Sorry," she adds
sheepishly.

1)     Offer to write a game for her.

> 1
"Tell you what," I say, "why don't I introduce you to a friend of mine who
can write you an adventure a day for your rest of your life?"
   Sophie's eyes light up. "You mean that? Really?"
   I nod. "Of course." I take her hand. "Now, where did Bob get to…?"

[MORE]

Well done, you've finished the game! Hooray for you, congratulations, good
show, etc, etc, etc.

Overall, you got a score of 9 out of a maximum possible 14.

> quit
Do you really want to quit? [Y/N]
