Loading game...

In The Claws Of Clueless Bob

In the Claws Of Clueless Bob

An ADRIFT Text Adventure by David Whyld
E-Mail: dwhyld@gmail.com
Website: http://www.shadowvault.net
Written: April-May 2005 with ADRIFT Version 4, Release 46

(1)        Read the introduction
(2)        Start the game
(3)        Walkthrough
(4)        Game Information
(5)        Things to know before playing the game

> 2

The Hobbyt

A comfutble tunnel-like home
U is in a comfutble tunnel-like house wiv curvin walls an a green door. U can
go east an west.

> quit
In desperation you manage to bash the letters "Q U I T" on the keyboard and
the game, mercifully, finally understands a command. You slump at the
keyboard, your mind numb from the horrors you have just witnessed. But you
made it. You played an entire Clueless Bob Newbie game and you're still
alive. And by the look of things, that was one of his bigger games as well.
Maybe, just maybe, you'll get through this nightmare in one piece after all-
   The door bursts open and in rushes Bob, face aglow.
   "Great, wasn't it?" he cries, almost hopping up and down in excitement. He
claps you on the shoulder. "Now, Mr Smiffy. Give me your honest opinion of
the game. Your honest opinion, mind. Don't sugarcoat it for me. Tell it to me
straight. What was it like?"

(1)  "It was great!"
(2)  "It was awful!"

> 2
Bob's face falls. He takes several steps back from you and clenches his
fists. Fearing a beating, you brace yourself… but instead he says, "I see. It
looks like the brainwashing your editor put you through was more thorough
than I first expected. More extreme measures are called for. Yes! I will
write a game especially for this. But for now…" He grabs hold of you. "Back
to the cellar for you."

...press a key...

Cellar
Your new 'home'. And not a pleasant one either. The floor is knee-deep in
water, there are rats and large spiders swimming around in it, and there is
no light. Funnily enough you can still see although how this can be you don't
know. Perhaps the laws of physics don't apply here just as they don't apply
in Bob's games. A flight of worn steps lead out of here.

> kill rat
You reach for the nearest rat and it meows at you!
   Meows?
   Yep. It meowed alright. This reminds you of a CBN game you once had the
misfortune to play before you realised who it was by. He had misspelled the
word 'cat' as 'rat' throughout the entire game and never even realised it. Of
course, the cats/rats in his game bore little resemblance to cats/rats in the
real world. For a start, they ate spiders…

> catch spider
You manage to catch hold of a spider by one of its six legs (six? Well, this
is the cellar of Clueless Bob Newbie's house so you probably shouldn't be
surprised) and hoist it up from the floor. As you do, one of the rats gives
it a hungry look. An idea suddenly occurs to you and you fling the spider to
the rat. The rodent seizes the six legged freak and wolfs it down in one go.
Then gives a satisfied belch!
   Nothing else seems to happen for now.

> u
You ascend the steps. Bob is waiting for you, rubbing his hands together in
evil genius mode (minus the genius bit of course).
   "Time for another game!" he proclaims and frog-marches you to the small
room.

...press a key...

"This one," says Bob as he sits you down in the chair, "I wrote just this
morning. Took me… oh, 7, maybe 8 minutes. Long time for me to spend on a game
that is. Including the advanced dialogue options and combat system I
introduced, there must be close to 30 lines of code in this baby."
   "As many as that…" you say numbly. "What did your beta-testers think of
it?"
   "Beta-testers?" Bob snorts. "I never use beta-testers! Those people are
cretinous fools. Why, one once had the nerve to tell me that ten spelling
mistakes a line was a bad thing!"
   The game starts to load on screen.
   "… fancy that …" you mutter as you're plunged into…

...press a key...

The Big Maize Game

Maize
U is in a maize. U can go north, north, north, north and north.

> n
U cant go that way. Try going south.

> s
U cant go that way. Try going east.

> e
U cant go that way. Try going west.

> w
U cant go that way. Try going north.

> n
U go north an find yourself in annuver part of the maize.

Annuvver Part Of The Maize
U is in a big roome wiv a tresure chest in the middle. There are exits to the
east and the east.

> open chest
U need a kee to open the tresure chest.

> get kee
U get the kee.

> open chest
U open the tresure chest wiv the kee. There is 1000065056696 peaces of glod
inside. U is rich! Woo-hoo!

...press a key...

"Yes!" cries Bob as the games reaches its conclusion with the inevitable 'Gam
Ova' screen. "Now that, you have to admit, was a classic."
   You struggle to agree with him but instead only manage: "it was certainly
different."
   Bob nods, apparently mistaking your deathless pallor for appreciation of
his game. "Sure was, Smiffy. I don't usually bother with that level of
implementation in my games but here I felt it was necessary. Sure paid off as
well. You ready to write a glowing review for me yet?"
   You say, "of course, Mr Newbie. It would be an honour. I'll praise your
game as the greatest work of interactive fiction the world has ever seen. A
thousand years from now people will look back on this game and still be
amazed by it."

...press a key...

Actually, that's what you intended to say, but somewhere between your brain
and the mouth, the words change to, "a good review? Of that fifth rate piece
of tosh? Mr Newbie, you must be joking! My cat's written better games than
that. And he was drunk at the time!"
   Bob gives a sigh. "I'll have to do some research into brainwashing
techniques," he says, "because whatever your editor used on you was the real
thing. Otherwise how you have failed to appreciate the glory that was my
game? The sheer depth of interaction? The fully realised virtual world where
anything and everything can happen? Well…" He lifts you up from the chair.
"Back to the cellar I guess."

...press a key...

Cellar
Is it your imagination or does the cellar look slightly different than
before? Not quite as… dark. And a bit… drier. Still a horrible cellar
admittedly, and made even more so by the rats and the caterpillars, but a
definite improvement on the way it was before. The same flight of worn steps
lead out of here to… a fate possibly worse than death.

> x rat
The rats look just the same as before, only a little plumper. You-
   "Evening, Mr Smiffy," one of them says.
   You experience a thrill of dread. "You can talk?"
   "Well…" The rat puts on a thoughtful expression. "It depends. Either I'm
really the first rat in the history of ratkind to achieve the power of
speech. Or rats have always been able to speak and they just haven't felt the
need before now. Or I'm not really speaking and you've gone stark raving mad
and just think I'm speaking. What do you think it's a case of?"
   "None of them sound very appealing," you admit.
   The rat snorts. "You're trapped in the cellar of the world's worst
adventure game writer, pal. I'd say you're a bit past the stage where
anything is going to sound appealing."

...press a key...

"But," says the rat, "things could be worse."
   "You're right. He could have a computer put down here."
   The rat grimaces. "Hey, no tempting fate. Of course, it'd be madness to
put a computer down here in a wet cellar but then this is Clueless Bob Newbie
we're talking about here. He's so far past madness he's on first name terms
with insanity and dementia."

> talk to rat
"What?" says the rat. "You think that just because I can talk, I'm going to
reward you with something? Fat chance."
   "I did give you that spider," you point out.
   "Yeah? I could have caught it myself. I just… Aw hell." The rat scurries
off into the shadows and returns a minute later dragging a bottle of beer
with him. "Here. Take it. I was going to save it for myself but you probably
need it more than me."
   You take the beer gladly. "I sure do. He's making me play these games.
Well, I call them games-"
   The rat holds up a paw. "Pal, believe me when I say this: I don't want to
hear. Seriously I don't. I might be destined for a life prematurely cut short
when a cat bites my head off but that doesn't mean I want to be tormented
before then. Drink your beer and leave the adventure game chatter for the
next talking rat you meet."

> drink beer
You chug it down. It probably tastes nothing special but for a guy trapped in
the cellar of a deranged adventure game writer, it tastes like pure heaven.
Unfortunately, there's not enough to get you drunk but you feel mildly tipsy
afterwards.

> u
You climb the steps - and find Bob waiting for you.
   "An empty bottle, Mr Smiffy?" he says when he sees the bottle in your
hand. "You don't need to wander around with that. Here, let me have it." He
snatches the bottle from you and throws it away.

...press a key...

"I'm going to give you a choice this time, Mr Smiffy," says Bob when you are
once more in the room you have begun to think of as the torture chamber. Is
an iron maiden and a rack and a set of heated needles half as fearsome as a
CD containing 321 Bob Nebwie games? "There's a wartime epic called 'Blud', a
science fiction game which is a cross between Star Wars and Star Trek which
I've called 'Wars Trek' and, wait for it, a serious work dealing which deals
with drugs issues and emotional instability in a sensible and caring fashion.
I've called it 'Lousy Junkies'. Which one do you want?"

(1)  'Blud'
(2)  'Wars Trek'
(3)  'Lousy Junkies'

> 1
And you're in the game…

...press a key...

Blud

Battelfeeld
Ure in a feeld wiv lots of ded bodees an bullits flyin all ova the place. U
can see some nme sojers. U can go south.

> shoot sojers
U blast em wiv your gunn. They falls down ded on the ground an a bridge
appears.

[A bridge? Why the hell has a bridge suddenly appeared?]

The bridge gets bigger an bigger an-

...press a key...

You're back in the room. Still alive. Barely.
   Bob gives you an enthusiastic clap on the back and cries, "what a classic!
Man! Even though I wrote that one, I was still on tenterhooks while you were
playing it! There's so much going on that anything could happen!"
   You wonder if 'anything' includes the game actually being any good but you
doubt it. This is Clueless Bob Newbie after all.
   "And your verdict…?" Bob asks.
   You open your mouth and say:

(1)  "Bob, it was great. Could use a smidgeon of improvements but, all in
all, resoundingly brilliant."
(2)  "Bob, it was diabolical. You have a reputation for truly awful games
but, with this one, you've exceeded yourself yet again. Hell will surely
freeze over before a worse game comes alone."

> 1
You say, "Bob, it was great. Could use a smidgeon of improvements to bring it
into line with the lesser text adventures that plague the world but, all in
all, like all your works: resoundingly brilliant."
   You frown to yourself even as you're speaking the words. They're a lie,
you think. They're completely untrue. And yet-
   And yet the beer is giving you the nerve to speak them all the same!
   Bob beams. "I knew you'd come around. I knew that brainwashing your editor
performed on you wouldn't be able to withstand the wonder of my games and
that, sooner or later, your resistance would crumble and you would be another
convertee to the Church of CBN!"
   The Church of CBN? Dear god, he really is mad!

...press a key...

"Back to the cellar for now," says Bob. "I've got to think things through
prior to your writing a glowing review of my games. Is fifty games enough for
a first review? Or should I go for quantity first?"
   "Quality definitely," you say, horrified  at the prospect of fifty games
to review.
   "Yes, you're probably right. We'll call it forty games and leave it at
that. But which forty? Hmmm, this will require some thought…"
   Bob ushers you back to the cellar which might be cold and damp and
miserable, but at least it doesn't have any of his games in it.

...press a key...

Cellar
The cellar again. It looks pretty much the same as before and yet, at the
same time, slightly different. Where are the rats and the spiders and the
caterpillars? All gone it seems. Departed since you were last here. The floor
of the cellar is still flooded but nowhere nearly as deeply as before. In
fact, this time you can even see the floor.

> x trapdoor
Currently shut. Probably locked as well. Has this been there all along?
Surely not. You'd have discovered it before now if it was there all along,
wouldn't you? Even covered by water, you'd surely have walked across it at
some point and noticed it was there. So it looks like the trapdoor, along
with the rats and spiders and caterpillars, is one of the strange things
about this place that changes from time to time.
   Something about the trapdoor, you can't really tell what, strikes you as
mighty suspicious.

> x trapdoor
You take a closer look at the trapdoor. And notice that it's not made of
metal or wood but, strangely enough, of something that looks quite like
chocolate. How bizarre.

> x trapdoor
Yep, it's definitely chocolate. Very hard chocolate and not at all edible but
chocolate nevertheless. Only Clueless Bob Newbie could have a cellar fitted
with a chocolate trapdoor.

> bite trapdoor
Eating trapdoors is normally the sort of thing that only happens in the games
Bob writes, but as this trapdoor is made not of steel or wood but chocolate,
you manage to chew into one side of it. It's hard going though. It might be
chocolate but it's foul-tasting chocolate. It's also pretty tough stuff.
   But after a minute or two of chewing, you have started to bite a hole in
the surface.

> bite trapdoor
You dig into a bit more of the trapdoor. You're beginning to suffer chocolate
overload now but as anything is preferable to another bout of playing CBN's
games, you persevere.

> bite trapdoor
Your waistline begins to bulge unpleasantly but you cram more and more of the
chocolate trapdoor into your mouth. The hole now is big enough for you to fit
through.

> d
You force your way into the tunnel beneath the trapdoor. A brief moment of
worry assails you - you don't know what's down there and it could well be
worse than where you are now. But then you reflect on your current
predicament and realise there is no fate in the world worse than being forced
to play Bob's games one after another, endlessly, until your mind just
collapses and dies from sheer overload. If dropping down the tunnel beneath
the trapdoor leads to your certain doom, then so be it. It's certainly the
lesser of two evils.
   You force your way through the trapdoor - and fall.

...press a key...

Somewhere Else

Fowl Smellin Tunnul
U is in a sewer tunnul. It is drak. U see lots o stuff u don't wanna see. U
can go north.
You blink and wipe filthy water from your eyes. You are lying on the ground,
in what appears to be a regular sewerage tunnel, replete with the smells and
sensations that a regular sewerage tunnel is well known for. Despite the
unpleasantness of the situation, you give a cry of relief! You're out of
Bob's cellar and, better yet, you're still alive!
   But then you stop cheering and notice something worrying. Very worrying
indeed. The tunnel is actually spelt "tunnul". And "fowl" and "smellin"? Ye
gods, you might be out of the cellar but you're not free of Bob's clutches
yet. It seems his madness has polluted even the sewer tunnels running beneath
his house.

> n
You move north.

Branchin Tunnul
Three tunnuls meat ere comin from the west, the south an the east. Dere is a
giant sleepin ere. He luks ugly.

(This is worrying. You know that tunnuls isn't spelt like that and yet you
can't seem to think of it being spelt any other way. Has exposure to Bob's
games polluted your mind in such a way that you can't tell right from wrong
any more?)

> w

Dinning Roome
U is in a dinning room wiv a tabul an food on top o it. U can go east.

(You shake your head at the abrupt change in locations. What happened to the
sewer tunnel?)

> get food
U don't see no food.

(Dear god. You can't even take the food despite the fact that it's right
there in front of you! Hang on, maybe there's a way around this.)

> get food
U don't see no food.

(Something about the food strikes you as… wrong. It's almost transparent. You
wonder…)

> get food
U don't see no food.

(You wonder if you close your eyes, you might be able to pick it up after
all.)

> close eyes
U cloze ur eyes an pik up the fod.

(Whew! You actually solved what passes for a puzzle in a CBN game.)

U open your eyes.

> e
You move east.

Branchin Tunnul
Three tunnuls meat ere comin from the west, the south an the east. Dere is a
giant sleepin ere. He luks ugly.

(This is worrying. You know that tunnuls isn't spelt like that and yet you
can't seem to think of it being spelt any other way. Has exposure to Bob's
games polluted your mind in such a way that you can't tell right from wrong
any more?)

> e
The giant luks at u an growls "I is ungry. Gimme fod or ill smash yer ead
in!"

> give food to giant
The giant taks the food an ates it. He burps and sez "grate!"

> e
You move east.

Ded End
The tunnul reaches a ded end jus ahed of u where someun as put a gait. It iz
loked tite. U can go east.

> e
U go east.

(Hmmm… did you just step right through a locked gate there? Looks like it.)

Dessert
U is in a dessert. The son burns briteley overhed an there is a camul ere. U
can go west.

(Hang on! A desert? But only a moment ago you were in a sewer tunnel! Then
again, why should you expect the geography in Bob's games to make any sense
when the games themselves don't?)

> ride camul
U hop onna the camul's bak an it takes off an flies inna the aire. (Takes
off? A flying camel? You just shake your head in despair.)
   U fly for a long tim. Then a plain appears outta nOwerE an shots u down. U
crash an the camul explods!

...press a key...

Aftermath

Many hours pass before you awaken. You are lying in the bomb-blasted shell of
a building. The remains of the camel - which now looks remarkably like a
hang-glider - lie against one wall.

As you pick yourself up and dust yourself down, you notice something both
remarkable and rewarding: the spelling has been fixed! Which can mean only
one thing…
   You are no longer in Clueless Bob Newbie's reality! You are back in the
real world!

Quite how you came to pass from his reality into the real world on the back
of a camel/hang-glider you can't imagine, but right now you're too relieved
to be free of that demented madman to worry about such things. From now on,
no more text adventures. No more reviewing. You're going to go and live in a
cave somewhere and grow mushrooms and hold meaningless conversations with
shepherds about turnips and moss.

...press a key...

You stagger from the building, taking a good long look around to see where
you are.
   That's when your euphoria fades and is replaced by a growing sense of
dread.
   For there before you, fully five hundred feet tall, outlined against the
skyline, is a statue of Clueless Bob Newbie himself. In one hand he holds
that hateful and banned collection of his games, Masterpieces Of CBN, and in
the other hand is a knife with a reddish tint (probably from the blood of all
the reviewers he has brutally stabbed for giving their opinions on his
games). A long procession of people in cloaks lead to the temples situated
around the feet of the enormous statue.

...press a key...

What is this place? Surely not another game…? No, it can't be. The spelling
is fine and the grammar, while hardly Shakespearian, isn't the assault on the
nerves that is the hallmark of Bob's usual style. What you're looking at now,
hard as it is to imagine, must be some kind of alternate reality where
Clueless Bob Newbie is worshipped as a God.
   As you sink to your knees in disbelief, you can just about imagine the
statue turning its head to you and booming: "WELCOME TO MY WORLD, MR SMIFFY!"

...press a key...

And here ends the game. For poor Smiffy at least. But CBN's further
adventures can be found in:

"The Church Of CBN"

...press a key...

The game has ended and nothing more can be done. If you reached here with a
score of 12 - well done. You didn't resort to the hints at all. If not, maybe
you should try again and see if, this time, you can go the whole way without
the hints.

> quit
Do you really want to quit? [Y/N]
