Loading game...

Crimson Detritus
Crimson Detritus

        It's been a long day and it isn't even noon yet.  You decide to take
a little break from your workload and are very happy that you installed
ADRIFT on your computer at work.  Let's see...Ah, here it is. To Hell in a
Hamper, by Jason Guest.

Just as you make it through the intro, the boss pops in unexpectedly behind
you. "I TOLD YOU IF I CAUGHT YOU PLAYING GAMES AT WORK THAT I WAS GOING TO
MAKE YOU PAY FOR IT!"

Before you can even say anything or even close the game out, you are zapped
by some strange looking remote control and blinded by a white light.  When
you manage to open your eyes, you find yourself on a strange planet....

Continue.....

Strange Planet
        You're on strange planet that appears to be covered with crimson dust
as far as the eye can see.  A darkened sky twinkles with millions of stars,
like diamonds on a sheet of black velvet.  A large building rises into the
sky to the north with a high arched doorway that appears to be guarded by a
strange creature.

There is a tube lying on the ground nearby.
There is a strange creature pacing back and forth in front of the arched
doorway.

>

> take tube
You take the tube of vanishing cream.

> rub cream on
(Your score has increased by 10)
        You squeeze the tube and out gushes the last bit of cream.  You
manage to rub the cream all over your body and instantly disappear.  You toss
the empty tube aside and it sinks beneath the dust like a concrete block in
deep waters.

> in
(Your score has increased by 5)
        You sneak past the strange creature, avoiding the roaming eyes that
float about on the end of the tentacles.  As soon as you get past the
creature, the vanishing cream starts to wear off.  You really start to wish
you would have kept the empty tube to take back home with you.  You think you
could have got just a little more cream out of the tube.  It would have been
good for a couple of laughs.

In a small corridor
        You are in a small corridor with an open, arched dooryway to the
south, and a door with a sign above it is to the north.  There are a few
hooks on the wall.

> x hook
        The hooks almost seem to be part of the wall itself.   A uniform is
on the hook.

> take uniform
You take the uniform from the hook.

> wear uniform
(Your score has increased by 10)
        You flip the uniform around every which way, trying to figure out how
to put the darn thing on.  Noticing a rather menacing-looking hole on the
underbelly, you look a little closer and are taken by surprise when the
toothy hole flies over your head, forcing you to the ground.  Next thing you
know you are wearing the strange uniform....and can see out of every single
eye at the same time!  "Cool!"

> in
        You enter the room and the door closes behind you and disappears
seamlessly into the wall.

Assembly line
Spanning from one side to the other, a large conveyor belt takes up a
significant portion of the room.  On the eastern wall there is a control
panel with a couple of lights and buttons, while on the western wall a
narrow, metal stairway rises up to meet an open doorway.

> x control panel
        The control panel on the eastern wall has two buttons and two lights
above them.

> press red button
(Your score has increased by 10)
        You press the red button and the red light comes on. With a loud
screech, the conveyor belt comes to a full stop.

> l

Assembly line
Spanning from one side to the other, a large conveyor belt takes up a
significant portion of the room.  On the eastern wall there is a control
panel with a couple of lights and buttons, while on the western wall a
narrow, metal stairway rises up to meet an open doorway.  There is a remote
control here.

> take remote
(Your score has increased by 10)
        You grab the remote.

> up
You move up.

Slide
        Just inside the doorway, a long slide leads into darkness.

> inventory
You are wearing a uniform, and you are carrying a remote control.

> slide
(Your score has increased by 10)
        You dive into the slide head first, and scream all the way down.  You
go through twists and loops, banging yourself all around.  When it is finally
done, you pick yourself up from the crimson dust and find yourself back
outside the building.

> flip switch
(Your score has increased by 10)
        You flip the switch into the ON position.

> press white button
(Your score has increased by 35)
        You press the white button and are thrown on your backside, sending a
cloud of crimson dust into the air.  Lighting-like enery is forced out of the
antenna and strikes the creature that was pacing back and forth in front of
the dooryway.  With a blinding flash of light and horrid screams, the
creature bursts into a cloud of smoke.

When the smoke finally clears, you see a teenager waving his arms about,
heading toward you.

{}"Dude!  Like, thanks man!"  he says, rushing forward to help you up when he
suddenly notices that you are one of the creatures.

{} "Um, sorry man.  I got caught playing interactive fiction at work, man,
and my boss freaked out.  Next thing you know I ended up here with one of
those funky creatures," he continues, slowly backing away from you.

{}"I, um, did the same thing you did man.  Snuck past that creature thingy,
put on the uniform and couldn't get it off, found a remote, slide down the
slide.  WHAMMO! Pressed the button and some old dude laughed and got zapped
through a portal."

Looking very angry now, you start out after the teen.

"Dude, there's my portal now!  You'll have to keep the next guy from going in
that place if you want to stop the cycle!  Don't let anyone else get
trapped!"

With that, the teen is zapped through a portal and you are left to guard the
Crimson Detritus until the next victim comes along to take your place.

Thank you for playing this short game.  And do remember to not get caught
playing with ADRIFT while you're at work.  You don't want to be the next
Grossnitch!
