Loading game...

That Crazy Radioactive Monkey!
You walk onto the poorly constructed set, the large audience waits with angry
eyes. A voice booms into the theatre:

'That Crazy Radioactive Monkey is filmed in front of a live studio audience.'

It's time to make 'em laugh.

>You rip one of the springs out of the couch, and stick it in your pocket.

The audience gasp in suspense, knowing this is going to be a good prank.

>You try to think of someone to call, but your mind comes up blank.

>You call the number, and tell them the address. Within seconds, an actor
dressed up as a courier walks onto the stage and hands you a banana.

The audience wonders what funny prank you'll do with the banana.

>You reach onto the TV and take the matches.

>Jojo lets out a small growl as you try to distract him from his precious TV.

>The audience silently watches as you try to hit Jojo with the spring.

Come on, you have to have better pranks than that!

>You try pushing and shoving the sofa to break it, but it doesn't work. The
audience sighs at the attempt.

>(Your score has increased by 5)
You walk right up to Jojo and slap him across the face. The audience breaks
out into  laughter as Jojo screams out his famous line,  "Oy, That's a Spicy
Meatball of Pain!"

You can almost feel the ratings of the show go up by 5.

>You move north.

Kitchen
The kitchen set was created hastily, so it's not fully furnished. There's a
table in the middle of the room, and a fridge right beside it. There are
numerous cupboards lying the walls, though most of them are empty or filled
with fake props. An oven sits on the floor next to the door to the living
room.

You can go South into the Living Room.

>You open the oven and pull out a nice warm pie from within.

>While you can't take the glue out of the fridge, you could probably put
something in the glue.

>"Looking for the best fruits? Just 'dial 555-5555' when you're near a phone,
and we'll deliver a free banana for you to test within seconds!"

>You jam the spring into the glue, holding it in place. Now whenever someone
opens the fridge door, the spring pops out.

The audience realizes where you're going with the prank, and wait expectedly
for big laughs...

>(Your score has increased by 10)
You screw the pan of the pie onto the spring, and shut the fridge door. You
wink to the audience, and quickly run off stage as Jojo enters the room. The
audience snickers as they wait for the trap to go off.

"Oh man, I'm hungry. Good thing I baked that pie!" Jojo says as he opens the
oven. "Hey, where's the pie!" He screams as some of the audience bursts out
laughing.

Jojo begins to look around the room for the pie, until finally setting his
eyes on the fridge. He walks over to it, and slowly opens the door.

PLOP!

The extremely hot pie goes straight into his face, burning the flesh and fur.
"OH DEAR GOD, MY FACE IS ON FIRE!" Jojo screams in pain as he runs around the
set, steam rising from his face.

The audience is in hysterics, laughing as Jojo's face becomes a smoldering
heap. You know this'll give you a big boom in ratings.

Jojo finally runs into the bathroom set, and puts his face into the sink to
put out the burning.

>You move south.

Living Room
The cheap living room set was created for one purpose: to play pranks on Jojo
the Radioactive Monkey.   Jojo's not here right now, the sofa is empty.
Behind the sofa a large cabinet, which has a telephone on it. You can see the
large audience watching silently, waiting for a laugh.

You can go North into the Kitchen, East into the Bathroom, or West into the
Garage.

>You move east.

Bathroom
The small bathroom is hardly ever used on the show, so it's filled with
hardly any props.   A sink rests in the wall, probably the only prop that
actually works. A cabinet has been added above the sink, and a toilet is on
the floor next to it.

Jojo is currently standing over the sink, throwing water onto his face to
stop the burning. A huge puddle of water has gathered around his furry feet,
and around the toilet.

>You take one of the matches, and strike it up. The audience waits in silence
to see what happens. You flick the match with your finger, and it hits the
paper toilet. The toilet goes up in flames as you run out of the room. Jojo
sees the fire and shrieks. He races for the door but slips on the puddle of
water he created.

"Oy Vey, this'll hurt!" Jojo screams as the fire engulfs his entire body.

The audience begins to pee their pants in hilarity as Jojo's skin melts.
This'll bring in big ratings.

Another actor finally runs onto the stage and blasts Jojo with a fire
extinguisher. Jojo, now furless and heavily melted, slowly gets up and runs
out of the room. He kicks down the door to the garage and gets into his car
to attempt to escape.

>You move west.

Living Room
The cheap living room set was created for one purpose: to play pranks on Jojo
the Radioactive Monkey.   Jojo's not here right now, the sofa is empty.
Behind the sofa a large cabinet, which has a telephone on it. You can see the
large audience watching silently, waiting for a laugh.

You can go North into the Kitchen, East into the Bathroom, or West into the
Garage.

>You go through the broken door into the garage.

>Nah, that'd take too long.

>(Your score has increased by 10)
You jam the banana into the exhaust pipe, and wait. Radioactive monkey's must
really be affected by Carbon Monoxide, because within seconds Jojo is
coughing and trying to get out. It doesn't work though, and soon Jojo
collapses onto the steering wheel, dead.

The audience goes ballistic as they see Jojo dead on the steering wheel. They
haven't laughed this hard since the episode where Jojo got a flaming enema.

You take a long bow as the curtains close for the show, and the dead body of
Jojo is carted off.
Congratulations!
