Loading game...

The Dangers of Driving at Night
You're making the long trip back to your college after a visit to your
parents on a four-day weekend, and decided to pull an all-nighter on the
road, despite your father's protests--he's always been a little
overprotective.

"C'mon princess, you know I get worried enough having my pretty girl on the
road alone with all those sickos out there these days, the least you can do
is make sure you stop somewhere and get some rest. You really shouldn't drive
all night without sleep, it's just not safe."

Stifling a yawn as yet another mile flies by, you have to admit that maybe he
was right. Peering ahead into the darkness, you watch for signs or
lights...there's supposed to be a little town somewhere up ahead, and if
nothing else you hope you can find a store still open and willing to sell you
some coffee.

> n
You move north.

Lonely Road
When you were a child you used to love it when your parents took you and your
brother on long drives at night. Going out of town on a visit to your aunt's
during the day was an exercise in boredom and frustration, but at night,
gazing out the window at distant twinkling lights, time losing all meaning as
you dozed and woke and dozed and woke again to what might as well have been
the same indistinct scenery sweeping past as though in a darkly moving river,
you felt wonderfully safe and secure.

Being the one responsible for driving the car is obviously not as relaxing an
experience, but just the same, as the unchanging road flows under your tires
and you drive on and on to the north, you feel your eyelids getting heavy...

> n
It was only a second, maybe even a fraction of a second that you nodded off,
but when you opened them there was an animal in the road. Instinctively
slamming on the brakes and struggling to keep from losing control as your car
wildly swerves, you have only the briefest impression of irridescent yellow
eyes reflecting your headlights back at you, and then an indistinct shape
loping off into the brush.

Brakes screeching, a heartbeat later the car comes to rest with a grating
noise against a guardrail. You don't think there was any major damage--a
nasty dent that will need to be looked at later, to be sure, but as there
seems to be some kind of steep drop off on the other side of the rail it
clearly could have been a lot worse. The animal is nowhere to be seen...

Wait a minute...now that you think about it, what was it that you almost hit?
Your first impression was that it was some kind of dog, but judging from the
eyes, it would have had to be a big dog, about the height of a deer, and the
way it moved was all wrong. After a moment you shake your head and dismiss it
from your thoughts - you only saw it in a split, panicked second, after all,
and you've got more important things to worry about. Taking a deep breath,
you ease your car back into the proper lane, for now the pounding of your
heart doing an excellent job in keeping you awake despite your exhausted
state as you continue northward.

Lonely Road
Thoroughly shaken by your close call, you note with a great sense of relief
the glowing sign of a gas station beckoning to you just a little further
north. This should be a good place to stop and take a look at the damage to
your car. Anyway, glancing at your gas gauge you see that you are getting
kind of low, and at any rate it would do you a world of good to stretch your
legs a bit and get some caffeine in you.

> n
You move north.

Parking Lot
You've park your car at the closest pump and now stand next to it, trying to
avoid stepping on any of the dozens of crickets that are always hopping
around this time of year. A pair of street lights bathe the cracked parking
lot in an eerie orange glow, a swarm of enraptured moths fluttering around
them. The dubious comforts of the tiny gas station are to be found just to
your east, a faded sign in a filthy window advertising a special on their
fountain drinks.

> e
You move east.

Gas Station
Sagging racks of chips and candy take up most of the store's small interior.
A cooler filled with soda and beer and covered in greasy fingerprints is in
the back, and a fountain drink dispenser is crammed into a small alcove along
with an ancient arcade machine. The place looks like it hasn't been cleaned
in awhile, and blinding florescent lights starkly illuminate every bit of
grime with unflattering effect, including the half-crushed and still
twitching cricket just inside the door. A door in the alcove to the east
seems to lead to the bathrooms, but judging by the state of the rest of the
place you're not too eager to see them.
A pale, gangly teenager stands in the alcove fiddling boredly with the arcade
game.  The clerk is at the counter, looking utterly indifferent to your
plight.

> buy drink
You pay for a large soda and $20 of gas, starting to tell the clerk the story
of the wreck you almost had despite the fact that he barely seems to be
paying attention. Getting to the part about denting your fender on the
guardrail, you gesture outside, only then noticing that a large truck with a
cattle trailer on the back has pulled up next to it, completely blocking it
from view. The door is open, but you don't see the driver until a man comes
walking around from the hidden side and climbs back in, reparking the truck
at another pump and then just sitting there a long moment, gazing toward the
store...and you get the uncomfortable feeling specifically at you...with an
odd little smile.

Entering, the smile is definitely directed at you as he doffs his cap,
revealing thinning, unwashed hair. "Why hullo there, miss! I'm Harold. Been
awhile since I seen such a pretty girl in this place...I hope you stay a good
long while...maybe forever?"

His clothes are filthy, covered with strange dark blotches, and you notice
his fingernails are packed with grime when he turns to the clerk, slapping a
hand down on the counter. "Oh, an' one of my damned hounds run off again...no
telling what kind of mess he'll cause this time...you call me if you see or
hear anything, alright? Or jus' don't try to deal with it yerself, for damn
sure. You know what happened to..."

Suddenly he seems to remember you're standing there and breaks off in
mid-sentence, clearing his throat. "Ah, nevermind about that for now..."
Turning to you, he adds, "I apologize for the language, miss, and of course I
didn't mean to butt in while you were paying for your things...I'll just shut
up and let you get on with your business." He grins toothily. "I'm sure we'll
get plenty o' chances to talk later."

Shaking your head, you say, "Actually, I think I'm done here," and gathering
your things quickly, you prepare to leave.

> w
Halfway to the door, you're suddenly stopped as the kid you noticed playing
the game earlier practically leaps in front of you. "Excuse me, ma'am!"

"Ah...yes?" you ask, trying to hold back your annoyance. At this point you
just want to get back on the road as quickly as possible.

"Hi. I'm Chris. Um..." The boy fidgets awkwardly a moment, shooting a quick
glance at Harold, who's giving him a cold stare, and seeming to be searching
for words. "Sorry to bother you, but do you...uh, have some change I can
borrow? For the game," he finishes lamely, nodding in the direction of the
arcade machine.

Silly as the request seems, he really seems determined to block your path to
the door until you give him that change.

> give change to chris
Rolling your eyes a little and sighing, you tuck your drink under your arm
and fish around in your purse until you come up with four quarters and
wordlessly hold them out. Moving to take them from you, Chris instead grabs
your hand, his nervous grip ice cold and surprisingly strong, and leans
forward to hoarsely whisper, "Don't go out there! Or at least look around
first. Look around carefully. Harold's done this before..."

Then he releases you, says, "Anyway, thanks for the quarters!" loud enough
for the whole store to hear, and scrambles quickly back over to the machine,
pretending to focus his attention on it for a long moment before he risks a
glance around, first at Harold, then at you.

Dumbfounded, you pause in front of the door and glance toward the parking lot
outside, trying to process what you just heard. Look around? At what?

> look outside
The kid is nuts, right?

But...just to be safe...

Uncertainly, you scan the parking lot. Is it your imagination, or did
something move in the shadows just outside the pool of orange light?
Something big?

Your eyes are drawn to your own car. It's impossible to see inside it from
here, and [i]surely[/i] you're imagining things this time, but are there two
yellow eyes dimly visible in the back, or is that just the reflection from
the store's lights?

Then you notice something that is definitely real. Your front tire is
completely flat. Everyone turns to stare at you as you let out a cry of
exasperation, and blushing a little, you explain the problem, wondering aloud
how it could have happened so quickly...it was just fine when you drove up.

This whole scenario is becoming a bit surreal.

Chris shoots an angry scowl in Harold's direction, which only deepens when
the man gives a little chuckle. "Well ain't that something! Hard to believe
the timing on that, isn't it? It must be the providence of the Lord that
brought you nice and safe here before that damn tire gave out, if you'll
pardon my language, miss..." As he continues to speak he steps closer, giving
you a too-wide grin. It's all you can do to hold back a grimace at the
stench--he smells like rotten meat, you realize. "...Anyway," he's saying,
"ain't nothing can be done about it until the auto shop up the road opens in
the morning. But I seem to recall there's a hotel right across from it, and I
gotta go through town on the way to my place, so I'd be happy to give you a
ride."

You glance over at Chris. He's shaking his head, wide-eyed.

Do you accept or refuse Harold's offer?

> refuse
Harold's grin disappears, his expression darkening in an instant.

"Suit yourself," he sneers, turning on his heel and striding toward the door
without another word. Once outside, you see him lean against his truck and
light a cigarette, occasionally glancing toward the store and seeming in no
hurry to leave.

Bewildered and growing increasingly nervous, you bite your lip and try to
think. So...what now? Chris seems to know something about what's going on,
maybe you should talk to him.

> talk to chris
Chris shrugs. "Yeah...the guy's dangerous. And so are his dogs. I really
don't want to talk about it in here though..." He glances meaningfully over
at the clerk and then ducks his head, tapping a button rapidly to shoot down
a couple of alien ships, a thoughtful frown lingering on his face. "Look," he
finally says, "You see the door to the bathrooms there? Well, there's an exit
at the end of the hall behind it...my van is parked out back." He looks at
you and then shrugs again."I wasn't going to risk it because the, um, all the
trees right there and no light and stuff...but I think if we move fast we
should be all right. Just head for the door in the back when you're ready..."

> e
Feeling like you're out of options, you take another look out at the parking
lot, and while Harold appears to be distracted fishing out another cigarette
you catch Chris' eye and then leap into action, barreling through the back
doors and down the short hallway to the exit, your unlikely rescuer
scrambling along right behind you.

Shouldering the door open, you stumble out onto a little slab of stained
concrete and towards the beat up old van parked next to a leaking dumpster.
The lighting is poor and the trees and thick brush do begin to press in a
little close to the edge of the slab back here--for a moment you stare wildly
into the darkness, remembering the shape you thought you saw moving there
earlier--but Chris has already thrown himself into the van, and when he
flings the passenger side open you waste no time in following suit, slamming
the door behind you and locking it.

You're still fumbling with your seatbelt when Chris revs the engine to life
and the two of you go roaring around the side of the building, nearly running
Harold down, and you get only a brief glimpse of his startled, enraged face
as he leaps out of the way with surprising agility, and then you're leaving
him in the dust, slumping in your seat with a sigh of relief as you speed
toward the safety of the nearest town...at least, you hope you'll be safe
there.

"He won't be able to follow us!" Chris assures you quickly, as though sensing
your concerns. "Not at this speed, anyway, when he's got to worry about all
the dogs in the trailer...and there are people there that won't take kindly
into him trying to bring them into town, and he knows it."

"I suppose I'll take your word for it," you say, taking one last glance at
the rearview mirror. Harold's truck is nowhere in sight. "Anyway, thank you.
I don't know what would have happened if you hadn't warned me, and then you
got me out of there, and I know you probably didn't want to get involved in
the first place..."

Chris shrugs playfully and meets your gaze in the mirror...only it takes you
a moment to realize you don't actually see his reflection there. "Hey, no
problem! It's the least I could do...after all, Harold was right about one
thing, it's not often we see such a pretty girl around here!" He grins
cheerfully, no longer bothering to hide his long, curved fangs.
