Loading game...

Untitled
Physics Action #1:  The Dark River

You, the conquering physics hero, is out strolling one day with your
significant other when Mr. Evil, your dark nemesis, jumps out of his car and
steals your S.O.  You are so mad that you start jumping up and down.

Remembering your physics knowledge, you start jumping FORWARD and actually
start gaining some forward displacement....funny how that works...amazing
science!

You jump into your car and chase Mr. Evil to the edge of a fast flowing
river.  He gets there before you and barely has enough time to get into a
boat with your S.O before you come to a screaching halt and run to the edge
of the river.

By the time you get to the river, Mr. Evil is already on the other side.

You start pacing madly..."I need to get to the other side, beat up Mr. Evil
and save my S.O."  hmmm......Looking around you see that luck has left you
with probably just enough stuff for you to make rescue plan possible......

If you are totally stumped type "help"

The dock.
There is a swift moving river moving from left to right.  Curse Mr. Evil!
Since the river is moving so swiftly, you dare not enter the river yourself.
There is a boat here that looks good enough to make one more trip, its so old
and rattled.

 Directly opposite your dock, there is a dock on the other side of the river.
 You know you have to reach that dock safely, because there are nasty looking
cliffs to the left and right of the other dock.

You need to hurry up and get to the other side to stop Mr. Evil from stealing
your beloved.  Hurry!  A cluster of rocks rest by the boat dock.  A coiled
rope has been left behind by a careless fisherman.

> get rope
You take the rope.

> look under rocks
You pry on the edge of the rock and are rewarded by finding a most awesome
looking key.

> get key
You take the key.

> stand on dock
You walk over to the dock.

> look gauge
The gauge measures the speed of the water.  Currently the gauge reads 13.5
m/s

> tie rope to boat
You tie the rope to the boat.  It feels very secure!
When you are ready to pull the boat around type "pull the boat XX meters to
the left/right" where XX is a numeric number --whole numbers only,  if you
get a decimal answer, round to the nearest whole number.  You also have to
choose whether to pull the boat to the left or right.

> pull the boat 60 meters to the left
You pull on the rope and drag the boat 60 meters to the left.  Not wanting to
mess anything up, you point the boat directly across the river.

> enter boat
You walk to the boat and get inside.

 "What a nice boat," you say," FOR KICKING MR. EVILS TRASH!"

In the boat
The boat looks rather decrepid.  There is an ignition switch on the right
console and a speed lever that has two settings, zero and 22.5 m/s.  The
steering wheel is rather rusted up so you don't think that you will be able
to steer the boat once it gets going.  You better make any setting
adjustments before you start the boat.
The boat is 60 meters from the dock.  A tacklebox is shoved up agains the
side of the boat.

> turn on boat
You take the key and turn the switch.  The boat roars to life!

vroom...

Vroom!

VROOM!!!

Now how do you make this thing move forward??

Looking around, you see a speed lever.....  hmmmm......how convenient.

> max power!
You jam the lever forward and the boat rips across the river.  In less than 5
seconds you reach the other side.  The boat zips forward to the other side of
river.

swoosh!

As you speed forward you travel downstream.  Thankfully, you have pulled the
boat upriver the right distance and you end up on the other side safely on
the dock!
yes

yes....

Yes

YES!!!

You make it to the other side just in time to grab Mr. Evil,  PUNCH HIS FACE
OUT, and reconquer your beloved!

 Congradulations  Physics has saved your love life.  Tell no one how to solve
this puzzle and come and find Mr. E for some sweet extra credit points.

To claim your extra credit points, answer the following riddle:
What cheese is made backwards?
think about it, if you can't, just google it.

Either way, bring Mr. E  the answer for some truly earned extra credit.

You scored 12 out of the maximum 12!
That is 100% of the game!
Well done - you scored maximum points!

[Press any key to end]
