Loading game...

A Day At The Office

My boss, Stigers, was waiting for me when I arrived at work. This could mean
one of two things: a promotion or deep trouble. From the way he was
alternatively cursing and punching the filing cabinet, I was guessing it
wasn't the former.

"We've got trouble, Bob," he spat as soon as he saw me.

"I'm not Bob," I told him.

"That's the trouble! Our best employee, Bob Newbold, has been killed in a
tragic car accident."
...press a key to continue...

"Killed? That's terrible!"

Stigers shrugged. "Well, not killed as such. Just knocked down. But he'll
wish he'd been killed when I get my hands on him. I mean, fancy getting run
over on a day like this."

"What's so special about today?"

"We've got the businessmen from Japan coming over to look over the files for
the new Rolls Royce we're designing. Bob was in charge of the files and with
him getting himself run over this morning, the files aren't finished."
Stigers grins nastily and points at me. "Which is where you come in."
...press a key to continue...

I have a sinking feeling in the pit of my stomach. "M-me?"

"You," confirms Stigers. "I'm going to put you on the RR project and you're
going to get those files in mint condition before the Jap chaps get here or
you'll be out of a job."

"But I've never worked on the RR project in my life," I say. "I'm the factory
teaboy."

"Indeed," says Stigers. "And as a result you're the most expendable member of
the team. When the boys from London hear about this cockup, they're going to
be coming down on whoever's in charge of the RR project like a tonne of
bricks. Which will be you." Stigers punches the filing cabinet a few more
times then heads for the door, stopping only to say, "I'll be sending my
secretary, Debi, in with the first batch of files soon. I suggest you get
yourself ready."

I wait for him to leave the office then spend a while cursing myself.

MY OFFICE
My office is the usual ramshackle mess that I've come to know and love (or
hate actually, I'm just too darn lazy to tidy it). A broad oak desk where I
do all my work sits beneath the window, a comfortable armchair behind it.
Over in one corner is a filing cabinet, home to the many hordes of files I
deal with on a daily basis. Through the open door to the north I can see the
workers scurrying back and forth on the factory floor. The coatstand is by
the door.

> x lower drawer
I rummage through the lower drawer and - lo and behold! - find my calculator.

> x lower drawer
A further rummage and I come across the key to the upper drawer.

> open upper drawer
Using the key, I do just that. After all the hassle I went through getting
the drawer open (well, looking in the bottom drawer and then typing "open
upper drawer" but it seemed like a lot of hassle at the time) there isn't
really a lot in the upper drawer. Just my pencil and some crisps. I take both
for no other reason than they're there.

Through the doorway walks Debi, the stunning secretary of Stigers.

"Where do you want me?" she asks.

"Er... what?" I gasp, wondering if all of my dreams have come true.

She sighs. "The files, teaboy. The files. If you'd stop trying to catch a
glimpse of certain other parts of my anatomy which you're not going to catch
a glimpse of if you live to be a hundred you'd see I was carrying a great
load of very heavy files."

I pull my eyes off the certain other parts of her anatomy and notice the
files. "Ah," I say. "Put them on my desk."

She dumps them there with enough weight to make the room shake. "Best of
luck," Debi adds.

"Do you really mean that?"

She shrugs. "Nah. But rather you than me."

She turns and walks away and such is the size of the files on my desk that I
don't get to see the parts of her anatomy that I'm always trying to look at.

> x files
The files are in an ungodly mess. How Bob Newbold worked on them I don't know
because they aren't even in the correct page order. Something tells me that
during my college years I might have been better off paying more attention to
what the tutor was saying in maths class instead of drawing graffiti on my
desktop to amuse the cute girls in my class.

When I'm ready, I'd better start work on the files.

> start work
Pencil at the ready, I go at the files.

Hard work it is (complex theories about car engines and jet powered fuel
aren't quite as simple as remembering how many spoons of sugar Stigers has in
his tea) but I get there in the end. Maybe not everything is 100% correct but
I'm sure the Japanese businessmen will be hard pressed to find fault with my
work.

> x business card
In elegant print, the business card advises: "Got a problem - call the
Samaritans on 0181 GOT OH ELL"

Maybe I should take them up on the offer.

> x cabinet
The filing cabinet contains all the files I work with on a daily basis. Being
a teaboy, this isn't a whole lot of files but when you've got to make tea for
118 different people three times a day, it pays to keep notes.

A telephone is on top of the filing cabinet.

Through the doorway walks none other than Stavros, one of the workers from
the factory floor.

"Hey, teaboy," he grunts. "I want a tea and I want it now."

"But I'm working on a special project for Stigers," I say. "I haven't got
time to make tea now."

Stavros looks about ready to take a swing for me but glances back out of the
office then sighs. "Hell with it then. I'm not having the swine come down on
me for making you waste your time."

> move cabinet
Exercising the muscles I have had cause to use during my many trips across
the factory floor with heavy cups of tea, I strain and struggle and
eventually move the filing cabinet several inches across the floor. Situated
behind it, I find (of all things) the socket for the telephone. Now why would
someone put a filing cabinet in front of a telephone socket?

> plug telephone
I plug the telephone cord into the socket and, sure enough, hear the
wonderful dialling tone.

> kick cabinet
Realising that brute force is needed here, I summon up all the strength I've
amassed over years of carrying heavy cups of tea around the factory and
unleash it all in one direct assault on the filing cabinet.

RAAAAARRRGGG-HHHHHHHHHH-HHHHHH!!!

The filing cabinet gives away before my strength and a pile of files and some
tablets fall out onto the floor. Suddenly realising that I might well have
damaged company property (punishable by no sugar in your tea for the next two
months), I hastily gather the files up, shove them back in the cabinet and
shove the tablets in my pocket before anyone notices what I've done.

> give tablets
Stavros takes the tablets, swallows them and sighs in relief. "Amazing," he
says. "Me headache's gone!"

"Really?" I say, being quite relieved that the tablets didn't outright kill
him.

"Really," he confirms. "Say, maybe you're not so bad after all, Martin. I'll
be sure to mention how swell you are to the Jappo guys. Oh, and I see you've
got some crisps. Ta." He swipes them out of my hand. "I'll be sure to hand
these out to the lads. Not often we have any food these days. You'll be
really popular after all this, Martin."

He turns and wanders off, leaving me speaking to empty air as I say, "my
name's not Martin."

Debi enters.

I spend a few surreptitious moments trying to catch a glimpse of those areas
I'm not supposed to be looking at before saying, "that was quick."

She shrugs. "Stigers is impatient to get the files to his technical people so
they can give them the once over before the Japs get here. I hope for your
sake you've made a good job with them. I'll be back with the next lot soon."

She struggles to pick the files up, muttering as she does so that "a
gentleman would offer to help me" and then goes staggering to the door with
them.

I'm so nervous with worry over whether I made a good job with them or not
that my mind, for once, is on other things than her posterior as it wends its
way through my door.

> x coatstand
The coatstand is pretty much empty of coats (on a teaboy's salary I'm still
saving for my first coat) and all I find on the base is a piece of paper
which I decide to take with me.

> read paper
It contains the numbers for the local hospital though why I'd have this
information in the coatstand I'm not sure.

> call hospital
Acting on a hunch, I dial the hospital and ask to be put through to Bob
Newbold's room.

"Harry!" he cries.

"Er, no, my name's-"

"Not to worry. I'm terrible at remembering people's names. Surgery does that
to you. So, are you the poor schmuck Stigers has dumped with all my files?"

I admit that I am.

"Listen, Harry, and listen good..." Bob goes on to relate a few secrets
relating to the files to me. "I always wanted my files to look such an
ungodly mess that the company'd never be able to fire me because no one else
would ever be able to figure out what they meant. But I know how important
this Japanese deal is and I doubt I'll have a job left if you mess things up.
So best of luck."

"Thanks, and get well soon, Bob."

"Likewise, Harry."

And on those puzzling last two words, the telephone goes dead.

> sit in chair
I decide to have a quick rest in the chair - and come to with a start to see
Evans, one of the company stockholders standing in the doorway.

"Ah," he says, "you must be Tim."

"Er, my name's not-" I say.

"Good, Tim. Listen, I've been thinking about some of the suggestions the
workers have come up with for improving conditions on the factory floor: no
chains, whipping no more than twice an hour unless they really deserve it and
a maximum working day of 22 hours. What do you think?"

   1)  I think that's a great idea.
   2)  I think that's a terrible idea.
   3)  I think the stockholders should take a cut in pay so we can pay the
workers more than 35p an hour.

> 1
"Me, too," agrees Evans. "Okay, tell you what: I'll run these ideas by the
rest of the stockholders and we'll see how things go from there. Nice talking
to you, Tim, and I'll be sure to put a good word in with Stigers to let him
know what a great ideas man you are."

Evans departs my office.

> score
My score so far is 47 out of a possible of 60.

> score
My score so far is 47 out of a possible of 60.

> score
My score so far is 47 out of a possible of 60.

Again Debi comes staggering through the doorway with some files. She drops
them on my desk with a thud and mops her brow. "Ooh, a girl can sure work up
a sweat carrying all those files," she gasps.

"I've noticed," I say.

My reply to this is a sigh and a slap across the face. Normally a slap across
the face would be a bad thing but as this is the most intimate contact I've
yet had with Debi I consider it a positive boon.

She doesn't wait for me to make another comment but nips out of the door
instead.

> score
My score so far is 47 out of a possible of 60.

> x files
This set of files look in even worse condition than the first lot. Bob
Newbold seems to have made an effort to makes things as untidy and hard to
follow as possible, maybe in the hopes of keeping his job no matter what.
After all, if no one else could understand his files then there was no chance
of him being fired. Although I imagine getting run over this morning didn't
figure into his plans.

When I'm ready, I'd better start work on the files.

> start work
Although this set of files is quite a bit harder than the first, I soon have
the basics of it cracked thanks to my pencil and calculator. All said and
done, it wasn't a lot harder than my usual morning tea-round.

> score
My score so far is 52 out of a possible of 60.

> score
My score so far is 52 out of a possible of 60.

> score
My score so far is 52 out of a possible of 60.

> score
My score so far is 52 out of a possible of 60.

> score
My score so far is 52 out of a possible of 60.

> score
My score so far is 52 out of a possible of 60.

> score
My score so far is 52 out of a possible of 60.

Debi wanders in.

"You finished working on the files?" she asks, and scoops them up before I
can answer. "Stigers has only got one more set of files and he's bringing
them in himself so if you want to look at someone, look at him."

"It's not quite the same thing," I say.

Debi shrugs. "Tough."

She goes staggering out with the files.

> score
My score so far is 52 out of a possible of 60.

> score
My score so far is 52 out of a possible of 60.

> score
My score so far is 52 out of a possible of 60.

> score
My score so far is 52 out of a possible of 60.

Through the door this time walk not the delectable Debi but instead my boss,
Stigers. Believe me, there's just no comparison.

"Glad to see you're still alive, Steve," he says.

"My name's not Steve," I say.

Stigers waves that away. "Whatever. Only one set of files left now and these
are the worst of the lot. Not even written in English."

"But I only speak English!" I protest.

"So did Bob Newbold but the awkward sod decided he'd be different with this
lot of files and write the entire thing in an ancient form of Latin that
hasn't been used for at least four thousand years." Stigers dumps the files
on my desk (which groans under the weight). "Anyway, best of luck. Just give
me a call when you're finished and I'll come fetch 'em. No rush. No
pressure." He considers this then amends it to, "well, the only pressure is
that you're fired if you don't get 'em done on time. Definitely no rush
though." He considers again then amends it to, "actually there's a rush as
well but the Jap businessmen ran into a spot of bother at the airport and so
you'll have longer to figure things out than you did before. Best of luck."

Stigers leaves.

> dial 0181
"Hello," says a strange voice. "You have reached the Samaritans. What seems
to be your problem?"

I relate my problems to the strange voice.

"So you need to be taught an ancient form of Latin in the space of a few
minutes that hasn't been spoken in over four thousand years?"

"That's about it."

"Well, you're in luck there," says the strange voice, "because I happened to
have studied under a wise sage in Africa for most of the past year and one of
the languages he specialised in was ancient Latin from just over four
thousand years ago. Isn't that a remarkable coincidence?"

"Not in an adventure game."

"Okay, listen carefully. I'll tell you what you need to know..."

The strange voice does that and afterwards I can speak fluent Latin from over
four thousand years ago.

> start work
The third set of files turns out to be the hardest of the lot. But the
ancient Latin I was tutored in by the strange voice from the Samaritans
proves a real bonus and in no time I've completed the files to my
satisfaction.

> call stigers
I shout and a moment later Stigers comes bursting in.

"You'd better have done a good job here, Jim," he says, "because you'll be
looking for another teaboy job if you haven't."

"My name's not Jim," I say.

"It will be if you've messed these files up," Stigers says.

With that strange threat hanging over me, Stigers grabs the files and rushes
out.

> n
As I approach the door, Stigers' voice calls out, "you'd better not be
leaving that office until you've done all the work I asked you to do, Mike!"

"My name's not Mike," I call back but Stigers doesn't seem to be listening.

> n
As I approach the door, in comes Stigers.

"Sit down, Andy," he says, "and let's review how well you did with the
files."

I consider telling him my name's not Andy but I'd probably be just wasting my
time.

Stigers sits in my seat and I sit on the floor while he goes over the notes
from the meeting with the Japanese businessmen.

"How did it go?" I venture.

"Hmm... Let's see. Mr Yoshi said he wanted to buy our plans for the RR
project and handed us a sizeable cash payment up front to get the ball
rolling. The total payment was somewhere in the region of £170,000,000 and so
here's your share for your sterling work on the files." Stigers drops a
couple of pound coins on my desk with the proviso: "don't spend it all at
once. What else? Ah yes, Mr Tanoko said he thought our designs were the best
he had ever seen and wanted to merge his own company with ours. Mr Roshani
said he'd never been so impressed in his life and offered to marry you."
Stigers winces a little. "I tried pointing out that you weren't his type but
he wouldn't take no for an answer. He also insisted that when our companies
merge, he wanted you to be put in charge."

"But isn't that your job, sir?" I ask.

Stigers sighs. "Not any more it seems. I've now been officially designated
the new teaboy. On top of that, the boys down in London want to elect you as
the new God on account of the fact that you did so well that you actually
beat the best score. Amazing. Unless you cheated, of course. I think this
concludes our meeting."

"Not quite," I say.

Stigers looks at me.

"I'll have a tea, black with two sugars and don't stinge on the water."

Stigers looks about to protest but remembers the abrupt shift in our
positions and instead gives me a cringing nod and a "...yessir..."

Teaboy to head of the company in the space of one day. It doesn't come much
better than this. On a scale of 1 to 7, I managed a rather impressive 8. I'm
now in charge of the whole company and soon to be elected God. I think I did
pretty well.

Well done, you finished the game and achieved a score 1 better than the
maximum. You really did do well.

> quit
Do you really want to quit? [Y/N]
