Loading game...

Dead Race

By
Justahack

A week ago, a frenzied media reported a score of rabid individuals in your
city who were savagely attacking anyone and everyone they encountered. The
city SWAT was called in to intervene. A few days later, the media further
reported that the size of the group responsible for these violent attacks
seemed to be growing to an unprecedented size. Violence was being experienced
on a city-wide scale. The National Guard was then sent to intervene.
press any key ...

A few days ago, on your way home to your city apartment, you just barely
managed to escape the crowd of what you could only describe as ... zombies.
Their blank stare and ghastly decayed forms all turned in your direction and
shambled relentlessly towards you, as you hurriedly entered your apartment.
press any key ...

Now, holed up in your apartment, with the incessant clawing of the undead
outside your door you wonder what has become of the people you know. Family,
friends, and girlfriend. What will ... become of you?
press any key ...

Battered Living Room

No light filters into your living room as mounds of bodies swarm and press
themselves against your front door. You're standing in the middle of your
darkened living room, the lights having ceased to operate a few days ago. In
the corner is a non-functional television, in front of which is your leather
couch. A coffee table adorned with adult magazines sits in between the
television and couch. There are splintered remains of wood and two badly
destroyed doors on the floor. Your bedroom is to the west, and bathroom to
the east.

> w
You move west.

Your Bedroom

Unlike the rest of your residence, your bedroom is relatively clean. Quite
possibly because, but not limited to, your bedroom being relatively sparse.
The floor is free of any debris of trash, and the bed is kept in relative
neatness. There are windows on the west side of your room, along with your
bed on the east side. There is a dresser here along with your work desk.
Interestingly enough, there is no closet here. The living room is to the
east.

> look at window

Your bedroom window faces an alley way. Upon closer inspection, it looks as
though you could climb out your window and possibly reach another building.
(If you want to try this, type open window)

> open window

You quietly slide open the window. You glance outside and note that there
doesn't appear to be a zombie within line of sight of your window. There
appears to be a ledge below you which appears sturdy enough to hold your
weight. (If you want to try to escape by the ledge, type go out window)

!!!
Suddenly, you feel a jerking vibration in your pants. It's your cell phone!
Who could that be? (To check your phone, type check text one)

> go out window

You as quietly, and carefully as you can slide open your bedroom window and
climb outside to the ledge beneath your window sill. As you ponder your next
move, you slip and start falling down towards into ... nothingness.
press any key ...

Why nothingness? Because this is just a demo. Hope you enjoyed it!

[Press any key to end]
