Loading game...

The Dead Man

A  one room adventure By 30otsix
This game was made using unregistered V4 Adrift. Please excuse the
limitations.

This game is rated PG-13 for mature language and graphic violence

Press any key to start.

For a moment you can't remember where you are.  The cold hard floor, the
bright overhead light, the strange warm wetness at the base of your neck.
Shivering from the chill you begin to remember.   You are Sgt. Tom Perkins.
Every six months you subject yourself to this hellhole of an assignment.  For
six months out of every year you are a Dead Man.

The Dead Man Project was started at the height of the cold war, under
President Lyndon B. Johnson, with one underground facility, July 2, 1969.
Exactly one year and a day after the signing of the Nuclear Nonproliferation
Treaty.  Its sole purpose was to extract revenge on any conquering force.
The idea was that if by some miraculous act, the United States was destroyed
by a surprise nuclear attack there would be specific individuals stationed
deep underground that would have their thumbs over the button that would
launch every nuclear warhead to predetermined locations. The operation was
simple, every twenty-four hours a radio transmission would come from above
and deliver the abort codes.  If the transmission didn't arrive, four hours
later the thumb went down.  A dead man's switch.

By the mid-eighty's there were thirty such facilities and by the
mid-nineties, when you joined the ranks, they were almost obsolete. However,
the project was one the nations most guarded secrets.   You have long since
assumed however, that this particular secret was a secret only to the
American people and that it had been leaked to all threatening nations. After
all, what good is a threat like the Dead Man Project, if no one were to know
about it.  In 1996, when you joined the ranks of the Dead Men, it seemed like
the perfect assignment. Six months deep underground, the cold war almost
forgotten, you and five other men would be caretakers of this steel curtain
relic.  For the other six months you lived the life of luxury; Dead Men were
paid very well.

Ten years of this duty had begun to wear thin however. Lisa, your wife of
five years, finally left you for another man, claiming that it was your fault
for abandoning her for six months out of every year.  But rather than get
reassigned and escape this madness, you decided to crawl away into this hole
for a double tour of duty.  One full year underground, one full year of
danger pay, one full year without ever having to see that deceitful bitch.
One full year as a Dead Man.

How you came to lie on this cold hard floor you have no idea.  The last thing
you remember was that the abort transmission hadn't come.  Per protocol, the
countdown timer was reset to four hours and you went "full live".  The first
time this had happened in your ten years of duty.  Your head spinning, and
body shaking from the chill, you try to focus on the timer along the south
wall. Slowly it comes into focus.

[-01:04-]

Your eyes loose focus as you try to hold onto consciousness.

[-01:03-]

The countdown!
What the hell is going on?

[-01:02-]

You mind races.

 This can't be happening? Where the hell is everybody? WHY HAVEN'T THEY
CONTACTED US?

 Why is it so cold?

[-01:01-]

You try to sit up and look around you, but a sharp pain grips the top of your
spine and sends you reeling to the floor and darkness.  After a moment you
awaken, open your eyes, and see a gun lying on the floor beside you.

With your head still spinning you slowly stand up.

> roll over body
As you turn the body over the face of Capt. Mattingly stares back at you,
dead from a single shot to the head.

> x body
The Army greens worn by this man are made almost black by the blood that has
seeped into them.  The body itself is slumped against the exit door, held up
by a pair of handcuffs attached to the door handle.  The face of Capt.
Mattingly stares into nothingness.  With the body turned over your search
reveals some bullets.

> get all
BANG BANG
As your hands touch the gun a shock runs through your hand and you drop it as
if it were a living evil thing, a venomous snake coiling in your touch.
Visions of violence fill you head strobing through pictures so gruesome and
bloody you close your eyes but the visions only become worse.  You head
throbs as you kneel to the floor.  Looking violently around the room the only
thing that calms you the ever present timer slowly counting down to
Armageddon.
[-00:58-]

You take the code table and the ball point pen from the comunication console.
 You take the bullets from the body.

> get gun
You take the gun.

> load gun
You put the bullets inside the gun.

> shoot locker
With a loud report the bullet grazes the lock causing it to swing.  Staring
at it as it slows to a stop you take aim and fire again. This time it is a
direct hit and the lock explodes from the impact.

> open locker
You open the locker.

> get kit
You take the first aid kit from the locker.

> open kit
You open the first aid kit.  Among the usual things you would find in a first
aid kit you notice a large bandage roll, a pair of scissors and a syringe.

> get scissors
You take the pair of scissors from the first aid kit.

> get bandage
You take the large bandage roll from the first aid kit.

> open panel with scissors
Using the blunt tip of the scissors, a little luck and a lot of persistence,
you manage to loosen the remaining screws, and open the panel.The guts of the
radio appear torn out.Who have I been talking to?

The pain in your head becomes over powering.  Gripping you neck with both
hands, you lay on the floor in the fetal position until the pain becomes
subsides.
[-00:53-]

> wear bandage on neck
You wrap the bandage tightly around your skull. Hopefully this will control
the bleeding.

> turn camera to camera 1
You turn the dial to camera 1.  The screen flickers above you.

There is nothing but static on the screen, apparently the camera at the
facility entrance is offline.

Suddenly your head begins to spin and the lights fades in and out, slowly at
first, but soon working its way up to a frenzied strobe. Then darkness.
Suddenly a pit gapes in front of you, some how darker than dark, oil on black
velvet, and you feel yourself stepping headfirst into the abyss. Words fill
your head.

Hey Lefty, its going to be ok.  This is probably a drill or something.  No
need to work yourself into a frenzy.
The pressure from the hand on his cheek distorts his grin. What's so damn
funny that he's grinning at all?
It's just like Momma Shelly always told me, "You can't fix what ain't broke,
and what you CAN'T fix...well you just can't fix", so why worry about it?  No
need to go off half cocked about all this, everything is going to be just
fine.
The grin gets even wider, there's nothing to grin at down here but me.

After a final flash of white. The darkness fades in.

You awaken on the control room floor.

> get syringe
You take the syringe from the first aid kit.

> use syringe
After tearing the package open with your teeth, you take the small syringe
and place it gently against the vein.  A drop of sweat rolls down your
forehead, but with the needle in your fist you are afraid to brush it off.
Slowly you push the needle into the Cephalic vein, and giggle to yourself
remembering the fun you had with that word in training.  Pulling back gently
on the plunger, crimson mist swirls into the chamber.  Knowing that you've
hit the vein you push the plunger, gradually releasing the drug into your
bloodstream.

Your heart begins to race and your chest tightens as if crushed by metal
bands.  Closing your eyes against the pressure building up in your forehead,
a flash of light enters your mind's eye and a euphoric rush comes over your
entire body, strangely similar to an orgasm.  Suddenly, you've never felt
better.

> use radio
Leaning closer to the radio you say:
Blair Alpha this is Deadman Tango, come in over.
Blair Alpha this is Deadman Tango, come in over.
Blair Alpha this is Deadman Tango, do you read? We have a situation here.

There seems to be something going on here, we have been breached, I repeat,
Deadman Tango has been breached.

Blair we have not received expected transmission within last 23 hours,
repeat:
NO TRANSMISSION RECIEVED.

Deadman Protocol underway.

Time remaining,
You quickly look at the countdown,

T Minus 45 minutes and counting, please respond.
I repeat T Minus 45 minutes until Deadman Launch. Please respond.
.  .  .

You continue to wait but there is no response.
God, you wish someone would answer.

> z
Time passes...
Your thoughts are interrupted by harsh static.
A loud voice fills the room.

Deadman Tango, this is Blair do you read.
Deadman Tango, this is Blair do you read.
Deadman, we understand you have a situation there, please respond.

Acknowlege and prepare to receive standard abort code.

Over.

You stand in silence.

> z
Time passes...

> z
Time passes...

> z
Time passes...

> z
Time passes...
A small rush fills you with pleasure.

> z
Time passes...

> z
Time passes...

Suddenly your head begins to spin and the lights fades in and out, slowly at
first, but soon working its way up to a frenzied strobe. Then darkness.
Suddenly a gate stand in front of you, some how darker than dark, ink on
black silk, and you feel yourself stepping feet first into the abyss. Words
fill your head.

 Hey, Mister Sinister!  What the hell was that sound?
His stance shows that he had just jumped up from the table, his head cocked
like a mongrel dog. He grins at me.
Man, it sounded like a gunshot or something.  Man! First this no talky no
walky thing and now we gots some asshole using the hallway for target
practice?
His grin fades as he looks down.

After a final flash of white. The darkness fades in.

You awaken on the control room floor.

> z
Time passes...

> z
Time passes...

> z
Time passes...

> z
Time passes...

> z
Time passes...

> z
Time passes...
A small rush fills you with pleasure.

> z
Time passes...

> z
Time passes...

> z
Time passes...

> z
Time passes...

Suddenly your head begins to spin and the lights fades in and out, slowly at
first, but soon working its way up to a frenzied strobe. Then darkness.
Suddenly a dark curtain drapes in front of you, some how darker than dark,
tar on a bowling ball, and you feel yourself stepping feet first into the
abyss. Words fill your head.

I met her on a Sunday and my heart stood still, da do run run run, da do run
run   Somebody told her that her name was Jill, da do run run run, da do run
run ....
The curtain opens quickly.
WHAT THE HELL YOU DOIN MAN?!
He didn’t have time to even crack a smile.

After a final flash of white. The darkness fades in.

You awaken on the control room floor.

> z
Time passes...

> z
Time passes...

> z
Time passes...

> z
Time passes...

> z
Time passes...

Suddenly your head begins to spin and the lights fades in and out, slowly at
first, but soon working its way up to a frenzied strobe. Then darkness.
Suddenly a steel door closes  in front of you, reflecting the blackness, a
puddle in the asphalt, and you feel yourself running fist first into the
abyss. Words fill your head.

Come on John, now just come down, I can’t let you in until you calm down.
What the hell is going on out there?
The voice is muffled, I can’t see who’s speaking. I need to see the him.
Lefty, what the hell do you think you are doing, the cameras in hall just
went out.
Captain, something crazy is going on out here they’re dead, they’re ALL dead.
Ramirez, Shelly, and Baker all dead sir.  There’s blood everywhere.”
Shuffling behind the door, a faint click.  The latch scratches across the
surface, a flash as the axe hits the door.

After a final flash of white. The darkness fades in.

You awaken on the control room floor.

> z
Time passes...
A small rush fills you with pleasure.

A banging on the door startles you and you turn to stare at the cold steel.
A muffled voice fills the quite room,
Captain, let me in!, another pounding at the door.
Captain, its Lefty, something crazy is going on out here. Pound
they're dead
Pound Pound
they're ALL dead.
Pound
Ramirez, Shelly, and Baker.
Pound
all dead sir
the pounding weakens
There's blood everywhere
silence.

The door stands closed and latched.
The pounding at the door returns.

> stand
You stand up.

> open door
Slowly you unlatch the steel door and pull it open just a crack.  Not seeing
anyone, you open the door wider. Out of the corner of your eye something
shines.
An axe  has been embedded in the door.  Overtaken by fear you shove the door
away from you, causing the axe to come loose and fall to the floor, with a
dull metallic thud.
In a panic you quickly slam the door shut and re-latch it, leaving the axe
inside.

> get axe
You take the axe.

> chop off hand with axe
With a wild swing the axe arcs down at the wrist of Capt. Mattingly.  You
hear a dull thud as it strikes the bone.  Pulling the axe head free you chop
down again and again…
The bloody hand falls to the floor wetly.

> get hand
You take the bloody hand.

> put hand on green plate
You put the bloody hand onto the green plate.

> put hand on green plate
The green glass goes dark, them pulses with a soft pink light.  The words
"ABORT SUCSESFUL" appear on the monitor in front of you.
Hoping that you have made the right decision you face the door as if seeing
it for the first time.  You remember what you did to your colleagues and you
are ready to face the consequences.  Opening the door you walk down the hall
to the exit, ready to face the world. Or what there is left of it.

You scored 41 out of the maximum 43!
That is 95% of the game!
You finished 2 points short.
