Loading game...

Dead Reckoning

Intro
Dead Reckoning

by

David Whyld

1)  Start playing the game

2)  Read the introduction

3)  A few notes on playing the game

4)  Credits

> 1

Old Mill Road
A cold mist drifts up the hill towards where you stand, at the beginning of
the Old Mill Road. An ancient oak tree, its branches gnarled and twisted by
the weight of countless years, stands forlornly off to one side of the road,
its branches seemingly reaching for you as to pass by. Below you, the village
of Morrow lies spread out, though due to the encroaching fog you can make out
little more than the tops of buildings; the road, little more than a path at
this stage, descends into the village itself. The end is lost in the fog. At
the back, in an easterly direction, stretches the road you travelled along to
reach Morrow. The fog has encroached here as well and little is visible
beyond the immediate area you're in.
   At your feet lies the unmoving figure of the man who approached you.

> search man
Feeling uncomfortably like a grave robber, you quickly search through the
man's pockets. You find his wallet, though minus anything that might identify
him. You put this back, a ghoulish shudder going through you. A few coins you
also leave. You doubt they'll prove any use to you. One item you uncover,
curled in the man's hand, is a cross. He's clutched it so hard that it has
dug into his palm and looks like it could well be causing him quite a bit of
pain.

> give water to man
Lifting the man's head slightly, you dribble some water into his mouth. At
first he doesn't respond but then he starts coughing and spluttering. A
sudden jerking movement knocks bottle flying out of your hands. It drops to
the road and has spilt its entire contents before you're able to retrieve it.
   "… thanks…" says the man or, rather, gasps. "Who are… you?"
   You tuck the empty bottle away and go over to the man. "My name's Mark
Duffy. What happened here?"
   The man stares up at you then coughs hideously. "Bad… things, Mr Duffy.
Things you wouldn't… wouldn't believe…"

> talk man
"Ask…" says the man, clearly too weak to say anything else.

   1: "Who are you?"
   2: "What has happened here?"
   3: "I need to find my friend, Edwin Carter. Have you heard of him?"
   4: "Don't talk. Just lie there while I find a phone to call for an
ambulance."
   5: "What's wrong with you?"

> 3
"Never heard of… him…" says the man. A terrible cough rips through him,
leaving him shuddering. " Lots of… of people… dead… maybe he's one… of…
them…"

   1: "Who are you?"
   2: "What happened here?"
   3: "Don't talk. Just lie there while I find a phone to call for an
ambulance."
   4: "What's wrong with you?"

> wait
Time passes...

> wait
Time passes...

> wait
Time passes...

> wait
Time passes...

The man suddenly gives a shudder and his eyes close. You try to ask him if
he's alright but he fails to answer. His breathing comes in short, ragged
gasps and while he's not dead you don't think he's going to be able to speak
anymore.

> get cross
It takes a surprising amount of effort to remove the cross from the man's
hand, unconscious though he is. Clearly some part of him is aware of what
you're doing and does everything it can to prevent you removing the cross.
After a second's consideration, you leave the cross where it is.

> get cross
Again you try to take the cross. The man clutches it so tightly in his hand
that it's an actual struggle to remove it. But remove it you do. This
comprises prying his fingers open one by one and literally forcing the cross
out of them.
   As soon as you have the cross in your possession, the man gives a shudder
and seems to collapse.

> d
Uneasy about abandoning the injured man, you set off at a brisk pace down the
hill and into the centre of the village of Merrow. You pass a couple of
abandoned cars along the way: one even has its doors wide open and the keys
still in the ignition. Weird. You know that crime isn't as widespread in a
place like this as it is in the city where you live, but leaving the car
doors open and the keys in plain sight is just asking for trouble. Not really
sure what to do, you leave the car and stride into the village itself.
...press a key...

Morrow Square
Cold fog washes over you as you stand in the seemingly deserted centre of the
village: at Morrow Square to be precise. Several roads branch away from here;
Church Road to the southwest, Grasboren Road to the south, Marble Street
(where Edwin lives) to the east; the road (little more than a path really)
that you reached Morrow Square by leads up a hill.
   There is no one here. Several stalls stand abandoned, remnants of the
usual market that comes to Morrow most weekdays. Overseeing all of this is a
stone statue of Jerome Morrow, the village founder: his eyes peer around the
marketplace in a manner you find oddly disturbing. There appears to be no one
around. Not a living soul for as far as you can see.

> e
Marble Street
Years ago, Marble Street was home to several shops, a number of houses and
even a small park where the village kids (yourself included) played during
the summer. But that was a long time ago. Marble Street, as it is now, is a
location you barely recognise: closed signs hang in every shop window and the
shops themselves are boarded up, their interiors dark, as if no one has used
them in years. The houses are in a similar condition, and several even have
battered down front doors and smashed windows. This is the sort of thing you
have seen more than a few times in the city but seldom in a place like Morrow
where crime is virtually non-existent. Edwin's house, looking pretty much the
same as the others, is a short walk to the northeast. His front garden is
little more than a dirt patch and doesn't appear to have been looked out in
many a year. The small park, or what remains of it, is to the east while
Morrow Square lies back westwards.

You step into Marble Street, the memories of the place flooding back. But
this is a Marble Street far changed from what you remember. Gone is the park.
Instead, in its place, is a patch of burnt ground. Edwin's house has changed,
too, looking more like a bomb blast has torn through it.
   "What the hell is going on, Edwin?" you wonder, wishing once more you'd
never returned to the village of Morrow.

> e
You move east.

Park
The park is changed from the way you remember it. The climbing frame is gone,
as is the sand pit, the roundabout and everything that you normally associate
with a park. In their place is just a patch of muddy ground, dotted with
lumps that perhaps indicate something is buried here. The park is encircled
by a wooden fence; supposedly it deters vandals during the hours of darkness
when the park is closed but it stands little more than three feet high and is
broken in many places. Marble Street lies back to the west.

> dig lump
You get down on your knees and… hesitate. Are you sure you really want to go
digging in the earth? Something tells you it would be a very bad idea.

> dig lump
Pushing aside any reservations you might have, you dig into the lump with
your hands. The mud feels disgusting as it squelches between your fingers but
you force yourself to continue. You have a feeling that there is something
important here and if you-
   Without warning, the earth at your feet bursts apart and out of the lump
extends a calloused hand! For a second it probes around blindly, almost
comic-like in its actions, then a head breaks free of the soil and eyes as
cold as death lock onto yours.
   Almost beside yourself with terror, you scrabble back away from the thing
as it pulls itself free of its earthy prison. Rasping sounds emanate from the
thing's throat but if these are words you're unable to decipher them.

> raise cross
As the corpse staggers towards you, you remember the cross you took from the
injured man and quickly raise it before you. The effect it has is apparent:
the corpse seems to hit an invisible wall and goes bouncing off. It stumbles,
falls, seeks to regain its feet. You take a step towards it, holding the
cross like a torch in the darkness. A rasping scream tears from the corpse's
throat as the presence of the cross burns into it.
   And then it collapses at your feet, the unholy power animating its limbs
fleeing.
...press a key...

   For seconds you stand there, breathless, unable to comprehend what has
just happened. But then, gradually, you manage to get a grip on your
emotions. You approach the corpse - and this time it is just a corpse - and,
bending down, pick up the small red orb it dropped when it died for the
second time.
   A sudden movement out of the corner of your eye makes you jerk back… but
you see nothing. However, you are aware of the other lumps in the ground and
know that remaining here is not safe. Clutching the red orb you return to
Marble Street.
...press a key...

Marble Street
Years ago, Marble Street was home to several shops, a number of houses and
even a small park where the village kids (yourself included) played during
the summer. But that was a long time ago. Marble Street, as it is now, is a
location you barely recognise: closed signs hang in every shop window and the
shops themselves are boarded up, their interiors dark, as if no one has used
them in years. The houses are in a similar condition, and several even have
battered down front doors and smashed windows. This is the sort of thing you
have seen more than a few times in the city but seldom in a place like Morrow
where crime is virtually non-existent. Edwin's house, looking pretty much the
same as the others, is a short walk to the northeast. His front garden is
little more than a dirt patch and doesn't appear to have been looked out in
many a year. The small park, or what remains of it, is to the east while
Morrow Square lies back westwards.

> call to edwin
"Edwin! It's me! Mark! I got your call! I-" you shout out, and suddenly the
front door of Edwin's house is pushed open a few inches.
   A figure stands there, half-crouched in the shadows, a baseball bat
clutched in one wasted hand.
   "Mark?" it says.
   It takes you a second to recognise the man as Edwin. But a changed Edwin
from the man you once knew.
   "Is that really you, Mark?" calls the man who was once your friend.
   "It's me, Edwin," you say, trying to get a better look at him as he
hunches in the shadows. Surely he can't have lost that much weight? "What the
hell's happened here? This place looks like a ghost to-"
   "Not now!" Edwin hisses. He glances frantically around as if expecting
someone to be lurking on the street corner. "Inside, Mark. Quick! It's not
safe being out here."
   "Safe? What are you-"
   Edwin shakes his head. "Not outside. In. Then we'll talk."
   Before you can say anything, Edwin ducks back inside his house, leaving
the front door open an inch. Trying to calm your nerves - which are currently
climbing the walls - you follow him inside his house.

...press a key...

Edwin Carter's House
Only one room in Edwin Carter's house is still habitable and this is the room
you're in. Scars - looking like the claws of ferocious beasts - mar the
walls, often inches deep; the ceiling is similarly marked and the carpet is
ripped and torn. It looks like a pack of wild animals have been chained up in
here. Edwin's furniture - comprising a sofa, a couple of chairs and a small
coffee table with a missing leg - is likewise battered. The front window is
smashed and as a result the floor is littered with broken glass; walking
about is treacherous as bloody red stains on the glass attest. A door to the
northwest leads to the kitchen and another, in a northerly direction, heads
into the hallway and the stairs.

You look around in amazement. "Edwin, what in God's name happened here?" you
say.
   "It was… necessary," says Edwin, hardly looking at you. He seems to be
going around the room, checking the doors and windows are securely fastened
or covered with boards. From the way he's acting, you imagine he expects
someone to come bursting in at any moment. "They killed everyone else. Or
turned them. I seemed to be… immune. I don't understand it myself but I knew
that I had to stop them getting inside. If they did…" He shakes his head. "I
don't know what would have happened, Mark, but it wouldn't have been nice."
   "But this town…" You trail off, not even sure you can start to understand
what has gone on here. "There's a seriously ill man on the outskirts of town,
Edwin. I need to get an ambulance for him."
   "No ambulances in Morrow, Mark. You know that."
   "A doctor then-"
   "The doctor's one of them."
   "One of…" You find yourself beginning to get afraid. Very afraid.

   1: "Tell me what happened, Edwin."

> 1
"Things changed here a while ago, Duffy. I don't know all the details.
Christ, I wish I didn't know any of the details. It all happened…" He shakes
his head. "Are you sure you really want to know?"
   You nod.
   "A man came into town. He said his name was Shekel and he was here to rid
himself of a curse. He said he had been living in torment for years and here,
in Morrow, was the salvation from his curse.. Of course, no one knew what to
make of him. Most of us thought he was mad and we sat around the pub laughing
about him. Shekel often came in and just stood there and stared at us until
some of the local toughs started getting mightily pissed with him. After that
he stayed well away.
   "But then things started happening. Bad things."
   "Tell me about them," you say, sure even as you say the words that you
don't want to know.
   Edwin swallows nervously. "Some of the toughs who had thrown Shekel out of
the pub, they… died. Horrible deaths. Farmer Morris found them at the bottom
of one of his fields. They'd been… cut apart. Or torn apart maybe. I went
down and took a look before the police showed up and cordoned off the whole
area. I wished I hadn't. Worst sight I've ever seen and I don't think I've
had a decent night's sleep since then. There were… bits thrown all over the
place; in trees, in bushes, even draped around a fencepost. I was sick, I
don't mind telling you. I was glad when the police showed up and ordered me
out of there…" Edwin shakes his head. "It got worse, Duffy. A lot worse. You
don't want to know what happened next."

   1: "Tell me what happened next."
   2: "Tell me about Shekel."
   3: "What about the other villagers?"

> 1
"It was Shekel, everyone knew that. Of course, we couldn't get the police to
believe us when we told them. I'm not sure I blame them myself. I mean, it
all sounds unlikely as hell when you think about it logically but we knew
Shekel was behind it. And none of them were local people so I guess when we
started telling them that some wandering beggar - that was what Shekel looked
like then - had killed the people with black magic they didn't believe us."
He shakes his head. "We should have been more careful, I realise that now. We
should have…" Another shake. "But it's no use going over it now. It's over.
Finished. We're all finished."

   1: "Tell me about Shekel."

> 1
"No one really knew what to make of him to begin with. He looked like a
wandering beggar, and when he started ranting and raving about us dying we
thought he was mad. We didn't think for a second that he could actually do
what he claimed he could do."
   "What did he do?" you ask.
   "Lots of things," whispers Edwin. "Bad things. He killed some local toughs
who had insulted him - tore them apart! - and he made Old Lumbly, the guy who
runs the farm on the west side of Morrow, he made him kill his own animals
and eat them!" Edwin gives a horrified cry and looks around his ruined house
as if hoping for some sudden salvation. "But he's gotten worse since then.
He's poisoned the village water; he's turned people against each other;
he's…" A shake of the head. "I don't know everything he's done, Duffy, but if
even some of it is true then he's evil incarnate. He worships a dark god that
he makes sacrifices to. And I think the whole village is his sacrifice."

   1: "Sacrifices?"

> 1
"I think they're part of some bizarre ritual Shekel's performing: the local
toughs, Old Lumbly, and then his turning of people against each other. What
he's planning to do in the end I don't know. But it can't be far off now."

   1: "What do you mean by a 'bizarre ritual'?"
   2: "We have to get out of here, Edwin."

> 1
"I'm not sure. I just know Shekel has something planned. It's..." A quick
shake of the head. "It's difficult to say exactly how I know, I just do.
Sometimes I wake up and I know things I didn't know before. And I know he's
planning some kind of ritual and then... Then I don't like to think what
might happen, Duffy, but it won't be something I want to be around to
witness."

   1: "Where is Shekel now?"

> 1
"I don't know. I've seen him moving around over the past few months but I've
never been able to find where he's holed up. Then again, I don't tend to
leave my house much. It's not safe. They're out there and they can't be
killed."

   1: "We have to get out of here, Edwin."

> 1
"The other villagers. The people of Morrow. Hellfire, Duffy, have you met any
of them?"
   "I met a man as I was coming along the Old Mill Road," you say,
remembering the man who collapsed as you approached. You wonder if he is
alright. "I never got his name."
   "They didn't get all of us," says Edwin. "I don't think they're very well
organised. I mean, they seem to be able to kill you by touch, but for all
their powers they're not above making mistakes. They don't know I'm here
which is the only reason why I'm still alive. If they knew I was here, they'd
kill me."

   1: "We need to get out of here, Edwin."

Edwin suddenly hesitates, his face drawn. "Do you hear that?" he asks,
clutching at your arm.
   "Hear what? Edwin, you're not making any sense. Edwin-"
   He pulls away from you, goes rushing over to the boarded up windows and
peers out between the boards. When he speaks, his voice is hoarse with fear.
"I can see one of them. Duffy, he's just standing out there!"
   You go over to the window and look out yourself. "I don't see anyone,
Edwin. Look, calm down and-"
   And then you do see someone out there. A tall figure, wrapped in a long
cloak, standing at the corner of the street. The mist swirls about him like a
living creature, obscuring his features.
   "That's one of them," hisses Edwin. His hands clutch the boards. They are
bone white. "I don't know if they have names but he…"
   Edwin's nerve breaks and he backs away from the window, almost trips over
his own feet, then goes rushing across the room. Ignoring your cries for him
to stop, he dashes into a back room. You make to follow him but there comes a
hideous scream from the room into which Edwin ran, and then the door slams
shut in your face!
...press a key...

   "Edwin!" you call, slamming your fist into the door. "Edwin! Open the
door! Edwin-"
   Edwin screams from beyond the door, the ragged high-pitched roar of an
animal in pain. From the other side of the door there is a meaty thud as of
something heavy being thrown against it with tremendous force.
   "… Edwin…" you say again, your words trailing off as you realise Edwin
isn't alone in there.
   For the first time in your life, you feel completely helpless, completely
without any idea what to do next. Part of you wants to smash the door down
and go charging in to Edwin's rescue. But another part of you knows what a
terrible idea that would be. There is something in that room. Something that
has hurt Edwin, perhaps even killed him. The same would almost certainly
happen to you if you were foolish enough to try and rescue him.
   Even as you think this, you become aware of the front door beginning to
open behind you and a cold wind roaring into the house. You sense a presence
flowing through the doorway…
   You run. You don't have time to be ashamed of leaving Edwin but know,
instinctively, that if you stay you die. You run back into the main room of
Edwin's house and throw yourself at the boards covering the front window…
...press a key...

Graveyard
Morrow graveyard is a frightening place even now than it was when you were a
child: trees struggle to survive in the black soil; the ground is a stinking
quagmire with pools of mud many feet deep ready to claim you if you wander
off the known path. Headstones are dotted about at regular intervals, the
names carved into their surfaces faded with age. Uneasily, you notice that
several graves have recently been dug open; ancient coffins, battered as if
by madmen, lie at the bottom. The church lies a short step to your east but
the door to it, the only way in as far as you know, is around the other side,
along a short path to the southeast. A ladder has been affixed to the wall of
the church a short distance from where you stand and this leads up to the
church roof.

Why you came here of all places you don't know. But when you fled from
Edwin's house you weren't thinking. You're not quite sure of your state of
mind at the time but blind panic would be the best way to describe it. What
happened to Edwin after he ran into the back room you don't know but you fear
the worst.

> 1
Command not understood. Try something else.

> open door
At first, the door appears locked. The handle refuses to turn, and even when
you put effort into it, it remains stubbornly closedly closed.
   But then you hear a sound from behind you. Nervously, you glance back over
your shoulder… and see a corpse walking towards you!
...press a key...

   As it moves, pieces of its decaying body fall from it. It approaches you
in a lurching manner, dragging one foot behind it. A ghastly moan emanates
from its desiccated throat and eyes that are long dead, yet retain a hideous
kind of life, lock onto yours.
   Frantically you throw yourself against the door. A sharp pain flares in
your shoulder yet you barely feel it. Again, you slam into the door, and
again, and again…
   The corpse reaches out a rotting hand and it is barely an inch from your
face when the door, finally, gives way and you tumble into the church beyond.
...press a key...

You fall to the floor of the church, skinning your knees and ripping your
palm open on a jagged tile stone. You barely notice this, however, as you
struggle to your feet. The corpse is approaching; it stands at the church
doorway, either unable to enter, or afraid to. Hesitantly, its lifeless face
giving no indication of what thoughts, if any, travel through its decaying
brain, it takes a step forward over the threshold-
   ”Back, undead!” comes a cry.
   A man comes lurching past you, a bottle in one hand. As he approaches the
doorway, he lifts the bottle and throws it. It crashes into the corpse and
explodes. The effect is dramatic to say the least.
   The corpse staggers back, its chest and arms burning with acidic fire. It
tried frantically to wipe away the flames but this serves to spread them: to
its face, its legs, its entire torso…
   The man who threw the bottle at the corpse steps forward and slams the
door shut. For a moment, everything is dark inside the church. Then you hear
a scratching sound and a lamp flares into life.
...press a key...

   ”What-“
   The man waves away what you were going to say. “You're hurt. Come, I have
some small skill as a healer. Follow me.”
   Without waiting for a response, the man turns and shuffles away into the
depths of the darkened church. He pauses only to take the lamp with him. You
lie where you fell for a moment, your breath rasping in the rapidly darkening
room, then pick yourself up and follow him.
...press a key...

Church
Morrow's only church looks far smaller from the inside than it does from the
outside. A great age is apparent from a casual glance at the building, from
the layers of dust that coat seemingly every surface to the groaning of the
architecture all about.
   The main body of the church is a lengthy diagonal in shape. Coloured
windows, the majority lacking most of their colouring due to the ravages of
time, line each of the walls, some depicting the life of Jesus, others blank.
A row of pews lead to the podium where the priest stands to deliver his
speeches to the masses; at one side of it is a font which is bone dry. Two
doors lead out of the church: a small, side door to the west and a larger
door to the east. Both are closed.
   Father Kadrin stands near to you.

”My name is Father Kadrin,” says the man. He has bandaged your hands and put
ointment on your knees. Little faith though you have in any medicine that
doesn’t come with a hospital stamp on it, you have to admit that the stinging
pain fades away rapidly. “I was the priest here in Morrow until… the bad
things happened.”
   ”The bad things?”
   ”Lots of bad things. An ancient evil returned to haunt us, to exact
revenge for what we did.” He shakes his head sadly. “What goes around, comes
around. My mother told me that when I was a small boy. I never knew how true
her words were…”

> e
"Are you leaving so soon?" asks Kadrin.
   "I need to find Edwin," you say.
   Kadrin nods. "I guess that is true. I would come with you only… I am not a
brave man, Mr Duffy, and I am not a strong one either. I suspect I would be
little use in a fight. But wait, I have an item that you should take with
you." He goes rushing off into the depths of the church and returns a minute
later carrying a small statue. This he hands to you with the words: "this is
a holy artefact, kept in the chambers beneath the church for countless
decades. It does little good where it is but, hopefully, it will help you
where you go."
   "Thank you, Kadrin," you say with feeling.
   "God bless," mutters Kadrin as you depart the church.
...press a key...

You leave the church. Dusk has fallen and the streets of Morrow are dark.
Shadows abound all over, obscuring your vision and making movement
treacherous. Your breath steams coldly in the chill air...
   Suddenly you hear a noise from the house across the street: the sound of
shuffling feet, of someone (or something) moving around. Eager to avoid any
kind of confrontation, you set off down the street at a run, Merrik Wood your
destination...
...press a key...

Merrik Wood
Under the branches of Merrik Wood everything is still. Several paths lead
away from the oasis of calm where you stand: northwest back to the centre of
Morrow, south into the very depths of the wood itself, east towards a bright,
shining light. The air is heavy with menace; moving around seemly overly
difficult as though you were wading through water. The trunks of gargantuan
trees crowd you on all sides; their branches seem to move with a life of
their own.

If indeed there was anything following you, you appear to have lost it. All
is quiet and still beneath the branches.

> e
You move east.

Approaching The Ritual Field
The air is rank with the stench of smoke which drifts on the breeze from
ahead: a large field, the grass burnt away to ash. In the centre rises a
wooden platform which is aflame. A figure, kicking, screaming, yelling in
pain, is tied to a spike at the top of the platform; the flame lick around
him. Standing around the funeral pyre are a gathering of figures, some clad
in long dark cloaks, the rest naked, their bodies twisted and deformed as if
by plague. Some of them are chanting, a dirge rising into the cold night air.
   The path you reached this place by leads away to the west; to the east is
the ritual field.

> drop statue
You drop the statue.

> e
Ritual Field
A platform rises in the centre of this field; your friend, Edwin Carter, is
tied to the platform, his face a mask of abject terror. Figures - bizarre to
say the least - stand around the edges of the platform; some carry torches.
Some are dead, some still living. Bundles of wood have been placed around the
platform, a few are already burning. Edwin's cries rise high over everything
else.

   Shekel stands amidst the living dead, his emotionless eyes locked onto
yours.

As you step into the field, one figure breaks from the other and stops before
you. Though you have never seen his true form before, it is obvious from just
a glance that this is none other than Shekel.
   "You came then," he says, his voice soft and malevolent. "I expected as
much. Did that fool Moropeth send you? Or did you find your way here all by
yourself? Not that it matters. Nothing matters now." He gestures to the
living dead standing around him. "Seize the fool. We will have two sacrifices
tonight instead of just the one."

> smash orb
As he looks upon the orb, Shekel's look of confidence crumbles. "No..." he
says, taking a step towards you. "No, not after I've come all this way..."
   Without warning you drop the orb to the ground and crush it beneath your
feet. Shekel lunges for you, his hands twisted into claws ready to choke the
very life from you, but the part of his life trapped within the orb dies...
and the evil that has plagued Morrow for so long explodes in a cloud of
dust...
...press a key...

The diner is crowded: bikers push and jostle each other; waitresses yell; the
manager hurls abuse at an inoffensive man sitting at a table in the corner
who has complained about the bill.
   It is heaven.
   "I never thought I'd be pleased to see a place like this," says Edwin,
seated opposite you and clutching a cappuccino as if his life depends on it.
"I used to shy away from biker diners like the plague in case one of them
decided to knife me for some reason. But after what I've seen recently…"
   You nod. "We got him, Edwin. Shekel is dead."
   "No. You got him, Duffy. I just…" Edwin shakes his head. "I went to
pieces. After they killed Kadrin and I couldn't get out of town, I just… lost
it. I think I'd have killed myself before too much longer if you hadn't come
and rescued me."
   You find his words touching, though they are true. You saved your friend's
life and put an end to the evil that had arisen in Morrow.
...press a key...

Well done. You have reached the end of Dead Reckoning. There are three
possible endings and this is the best of the lot. Well done indeed!
   If you wish to try again, type "restart" at any time.

> quit
Do you really want to quit? [Y/N]
