Loading game...

Dance Fever USA
In the year 2018, an epidemic spread across the country, laying waste to
everything in sight. It was called...

Dance Fever!

Deep within the bowels of the pentagon, lies a division so discrete, only
three people know about it. G.A.D (Guys Against Dancing) was formed in 1996,
designed to take down the Macarena. Luckily, the Macarena was destroyed
before it caused World War 3, like it was designed to do.

But now, came an evil that made the Macarena look like the Pope. It was
called "Dance Fever", a new song blasting across the airwaves that was
subconciously telling the listeners to start World War 3, and shoot random
people. The Government knew they needed help, so they turned to one
organization: The Super Friends. But since Superman was in rehab for a
numerous amount of reasons, the Government then turned to the second best
dance related organization: G.A.D.

And that's where you come in. You're Agent Wasp, finally released from a jail
stint due to the game "Wasp Connection". Luckily, you got out early because
you promised to never make a sequel. G.A.D has hired you to stop the cause of
Dance Fever, and since it counts to your community service, you accepted the
mission.

The mission didn't seem too difficult. The song seems to be transmitting from
a club in New York called "The Flaming Flamingo", one of the dumpiest clubs
in the Country. But it's dumpiness is just a cover, because deep within the
bowels of that club, is a machine that's pumping out Dance Fever, and you've
got to destroy it.

Good luck Agent Wasp, and remember, you will shoot random people if you don't
stop the fever.

> take card
Even if your name just happened to be Bruno, the card would be useless.

> smell
It smells like Black Angus.

> e
You move east.

Alley
Like most alley's, this one is dank and dark. Unlike most alleys, this one
also has a huge machine generating power in it. The long cord from the neon
club sign extends into the machine, which seems to be where the sign gets
it's power. Along the walls of the alley, is a variety of graffiti, and lying
on the floor of the alleyway, is a cat.

> x graffiti
"Hey you. Pee on the ground. Trust me on this. Just pee."

> pet cat
You gently stroke the cat's fur, which causes his to start coughing. He lets
out a loud "Oorrggaaaaaaaaaaa" and a wrench flies out of his mouth and into
your hands. Wow, now that's a hairball.

> pee on the ground
Well, the wall told you to, so you do it. You pee on the ground.

Absolutely nothing happens, except now there's a huge puddle of pee on the
ground.

> x pee
You're proud of yourself.

> push red button
Going against any good judgement, you push hard on the red button. A huge
bolt of electricity shoots down into the floor of the alley, and right into
the fresh pee on the ground. Since you're standing in the pee, a huge bolt of
electricity zaps into you, right into your head.

When you awaken, you're lying on the ground, your body smoldering. You stand
up, and check your body for any major damage. As you began to check your
head, you notice something odd. You're hair's now standing up from the huge
shock, giving you an afro. Groovy.

> w
You move west.

Outside the Club
You're standing outside the Flaming Flamingo, voted worst club by every
single magazine published, including ones that were written before the club
was even built. A large neon sign hums above the entrance, a cord from the
sign droops along the wall and extends into the Alley to the East. Guarding
the entrance to the North, is a giant bouncer. A card on his coat says "Hi,
my name is Bruno", and the word Bruno is spelled with capitals, with many
skull and crossbone signs near it.

Bruno is here.

> n
Bruno notices your smoldering afro, and moves out of the way.

> smell
It smells like a mixture of vodka and wet cat.

> listen
You hear nothing out of the ordinary. Oh wait, you do. Horrible music.

> dance
Since you're undercover in the club, you decide to act like a regular guest,
and began dancing. Within seconds of your dancing, loud sirens go off and
confetti begins to drop down from the ceiling. The door to the North opens
up, and a man in a bright orange suit walks out.

"Congratulations sir, you're the 36th person to dance in this club! Here's
your price, a tissue!"

The man hands you a tissue, and then walks back into the door he came in. You
stand there, a look of horror and surprise on your face.

> take acid
You'd rather not get the battery acid on your hand.

> use tissue on acid
You jab the tissue onto the battery acid, and soak some of it up.

> kick door
You're not The Hulk, and if you were, you'd be going around punching people.

> use wrench on door
While you're at it, why not use a toilet on a hippo. It makes about as much
sense.

> use acid on door
You spread the acid over the door, and a huge hole is burned into it. Now you
can head North.

> n
You duck through the hole, and enter the next room.

> hit pack
You punch, claw, kick, tackle, and lick the batter, but it just won't budge.
You'll need something a little stronger.

> hit battery with wrench
"Hey chowderhead, I oughta punch you in the noggin!" The computer screams
out, obviously in Three Stooges mode

The battery explodes as you hit it with the wrench, sending you flying out of
the club in a flaming ball. If you weren't in extreme fiery pain, it would
have been pretty funny.

You landed with a thud on a giant piece of jagged rock. Luckily, it only
impaled you a little bit, so you were fine. You stood up, and looked across
the horizon, at the flaming club.

Your magical necklack began to beep. You pushed the button on it, and the
wizard's voice appeared.

"Wasp, it's me, Warlockian! Someone stole my magical dragon, and I need you
to travel through time to save him!"

Agent Wasp looked up into the distance, his face covered in a vengeful
expression.

"Don't worry Warlockian, Me and my ex-wife Mrs. Santa Clause will travel into
space to stop him."

Agent Wasp woke up, his head on fire. He quickly stood up, and put his fiery
head out. Well, the whole part of the wizard and space was a dream. Too bad,
he really wanted to see Mrs. Clause again.

He was standing on the ashes of the Club, Bruno was standing next to him,
trying to call the police with his shoe.

"Agent Wasp!" The voice screamed from your watchphone. "It's me, Chief of
G.A.D. We just got word that the Macarena is making a comeback in Portugal,
we need you down there now!"

Agent Wasp (AKA You) looked up, a hardened look of anger on your face.

"Book the next plane to Portugal, Chief. It looks like it's time I get
macarena on some people's ass."

Coming soon: "Dance Fever Portugal: Can't Stop A-Dancin'"

Due to a problem involving the creators of the Macarena, Dance Fever Portugal
will never be completed. Rest assured, if the game was done, it would've been
released commericaly and would've generated trillions in profits.

Thank you, and good night.
You scored 0 out of the maximum 999999999!
That is 0% of the game!
You finished 999999999 points short.
