Loading game...

Searing pain wakes you. Pain in your shoulder and your hand. You must have
fallen awkwardly. You push yourself up from rocks, dazed. No time to think as
the shadow lurches out of the darkness again. Shambling, misshapen, snarling.
You don't know what it is, or where you are, or even who you are.

You only know, somehow, that the creature is determined to kill.

DOOMED XYCANTHUS
Interactive Fiction
Copyright © 2001 Eric Mayer
Type 'About' for more information
Version 1.0 / ADRIFT 3.90 Release 19

A forest clearing
You are in a forest clearing.

You can also see a jagged rock.

The shadowy horror shambles forward. You remember its attack, as if it were a
dream, recall wrenching away from the deadly  grasp and falling onto the
rocky ground. You woke with a shock, your left hand throbbing, to find the
nightmare creature was still there.

> get rock
You take the jagged rock.

The beast lashes out with a clawed hand, just missing as you step away.
Giving a low, gurgling growl of displeasure it continues to advance.

> kill beast with rock
You strike at the shadow with the jagged rock. The  weapon meets resistance
and the beast lets out a nearly human shriek. Driven by fear you strike again
and again until your attacker lies still and silent at your feet.
Pain shoots through your left hand. You feel disoriented. Not quite sure who
you are. No idea where you are. Or why you are here.

> x creature
Looking more closely at the crumpled form, you see that it is not a beast but
a human of bestial and debased appearance - heavily muscled, swarthy, hair
and beard tangled masses. The dead man is dressed in filthy animal hides.
Out of keeping with the dead creature's appearance is the golden ring it
wears.

> get ring
You gingerly remove the gold ring from the dead creature. Unlike some of your
thieving colleagues, you have never much enjoyed robbing corpses.
Your left hand continues to throb.

> x left hand
An object resembling a faceted gem appears to be partially embedded in the
back of your hand. It emits a pulsating glow which faintly illuminates your
surroundings.

> x gem
The gem is covered with a spiderweb of cracks. It must have struck a rock
when you fell. However, beneath the cracks you can make out what appears to
be a red  eye  The eye glares with malevolence.

> x note
The square of parchment bears a message penned in some strange ink which
gives off a faint glow:

To Whom it May Concern

This vile creature, a common thief, stole my daughter's virtue so I have
placed upon him a spell of forgetfulness by means of the magic  gem embedded
in his hand, and set him to wander the wilderness. Should any man who finds
this villain think to offer succor, know that Malevol the Wizard is watching
and his vengeance will be swift and pitiless.

Sincerely,
 Malevol of Heliopoli (Wizard)

P.S. I have restored my daughter's virtue, as always.

 Now that the haze of the spell has evaporated you can recall your ill
advised dalliance with the silken haired Marivelle with painful clarity.
Apparently the magic gem Malevol used to enslave you hit a rock when you fell
and was rendered ineffective. You are gripped by a desire for revenge. Of
course, your first encounter with Malevol was none too successful. Returning
to Heliopoli might not be the wisest course.

> search clearing
Examining the surrounding bushes,  you notice what appear to be freshly
broken branches to the north. Perhaps the creature which attacked you entered
the clearing from that direction. You may have entered that way also. You
can't remember.

> north
Pushing the broken branches aside you find yourself on a narrow weed choked
path which runs north but also branches east.  Walls of rank vegetation press
in all around.

> east
You move east.

A narrowing forest path
A dead end, abrupt as the end of an alleyway. The forest seems to tighten
around you here.  The path only runs west. But there is also, to the south, a
slight gap in the thick bushes, maybe an animal track.

> south
You move south.

Animal Track
This is surely an animal track rather than a path. You can barely squeeze
between the gnarled and twisted laurel on both sides. Branches close over
your head. Still, it is large enough to accomodate you. The track wasn't made
by a rabbit. The path runs north and south. Also, there is an opening to the
east.

> east
You move east.

A cliff
The path here runs north. To the south vegetation blocks any progress. A
small opening, perhaps an animal track leads to the west. To the east is a
cliff. In one place, the rocks form an overhang. It  appears that you might
be able to step down and into the shadowy space underneath. You can also make
out some indentations in the cliff face.

> down
You move down.

The cave
The overhanging rock forms a sort of small cave, the opening a few steps up.
Against the dripping back wall lies a skeleton.

> x skeleton
A badly decayed pile of bones. The skull and ribs have collapsed inward.
Looking more closely you see that the skull hasn't actually collapsed. The
back half has been hewn off. You also see something glinting underneath the
bones -- a sword -- probably the weapon the man wasn't able to defend himself
with.

> get sword
You take the sword.  Although it is large and appears to be forged of bronze,
it is oddly light.

> up
You move up.

A cliff
The path here runs north. To the south vegetation blocks any progress. A
small opening, perhaps an animal track leads to the west. To the east is a
cliff. In one place, the rocks form an overhang. It  appears that you might
be able to step down and into the shadowy space underneath. You can also make
out some indentations in the cliff face.

> north
You move north.

Path along the cliff
The path continues north and south along the base of the cliff which here is
sheer and unclimbable. The vegetation along the path is impassable.

> north
You move north.

Path Through the Swamp
Here the north/south path runs through what looks to be the end of a swamp. A
few tall cattails sway in some unfelt breeze. There is also a path running
east and west.

> west
You move west.

Copse
Here the trees have formed a copse littered with rotting, fallen trunks. A
huge boulder sits in the center of the  clearing. The boulder, surrounded by
weeds and green with moss, is twice your height. There seem to be openings to
the east and west.

> x weeds
So far as you tell they're just weeds -- green, with leaves -- of no
interest.  What does interest you is the leather  pouch you see lying there.

> get pouch
You take the leather pouch.

> west
You move west.

A widening forest path
The path widens in this direction. Although it is dark, you think you can
make out, to the north, an opening, where the impenetrable black of the
surrounding trees and bushes gives way to the lighter darkness  of the night
sky. There also is an opening in the bushes to the east.

> north
You move north.

The Highway
A wide highway paved with massive concrete slabs runs east and  west.
Although, here and there, great trees lean out over the thoroughfare,  the
forest has made no inroads. There is a path leading south.

> east
You move east.

The highway
Here the highway is blocked by a towering pile of deadfall which appears at
first glance to be impassable. The side of the roadway is littered with
rubble.

> x deadfall
On closer inspection the towering pile of enormous tree trunks and forest
debris seems rather carefully constructed to be deadfall. Someone must have
placed it there, as a barrier. As far as you can see -- not very far given
the density of the vegetation - the obstacle extends out from the highway and
into the forest.  However, at one spot along the base, there seems to be an
opening, like the entrance to a burrow. You might be able to go down into the
opening.

> down
You squeeze yourself down into the opening and manage to crawl through a
tight, narrow burrow.

Under the deadfall
You are in a cramped hollow space  walled by tree trunks, sticks and other
forest debris. A dark patch of shadow to the south might indicate an opening.
You can also go back to the west.
A small red snake fixes you with its sharp gaze.

> kill snake with sword
The sword seems to have a life of its own.  It moves practically before
you've made up your mind to strike. The snake springs, spitting venom,  but
the sword catches the creature in mid-leap, slicing it in half.

> open pouch
You open the pouch.

> get snake
You carefully pick  up the dead snake. Fresh venom drips from its fangs.

> put snake in pouch
Carefully you put the dead snake into the pouch.

> south
You crawl through the narrow opening and move further into the massive pile
of deadfall.

The lair
This must be the lair of some carnivore. It is practically filled with a
ghastly heap of remains. The sort of  debris left by a cave weasel -- or
worse.

> x debris
You find a scrap of cloth amid the putrefying mass.

> get cloth
You take the scrap of cloth.

> x cloth
A scrap of heavily embroidered  cloth -- the sort of thing a rich man might
carry in his pocket as a handkerchief.. The remains of a person most likely.
The only bit the weasel or wolf, or bear, or whatever lives here, didn't eat.
Maybe it  found the gold thread unpalatable.

 The scrap contains most of a gold rondel,  filled with three elaborately
worked letters: YAH. Perhaps the owner's initials.

> north
You move north.

Under the deadfall
You are in a cramped hollow space  walled by tree trunks, sticks and other
forest debris. A dark patch of shadow to the south might indicate an opening.
You can also go back to the west.

> up
You move up.

The highway
Here the highway is blocked by a towering pile of deadfall which appears at
first glance to be impassable. The side of the roadway is littered with
rubble.

> west
You move west.

The Highway
A wide highway paved with massive concrete slabs runs east and  west.
Although, here and there, great trees lean out over the thoroughfare,  the
forest has made no inroads. There is a path leading south.

> south
You move south.

A widening forest path
The path widens in this direction. Although it is dark, you think you can
make out, to the north, an opening, where the impenetrable black of the
surrounding trees and bushes gives way to the lighter darkness  of the night
sky. There also is an opening in the bushes to the east.

> east
You move east.

Copse
Here the trees have formed a copse littered with rotting, fallen trunks. A
huge boulder sits in the center of the  clearing. The boulder, surrounded by
weeds and green with moss, is twice your height. There seem to be openings to
the east and west.

> east
You move east.

Path Through the Swamp
Here the north/south path runs through what looks to be the end of a swamp. A
few tall cattails sway in some unfelt breeze. There is also a path running
east and west.

> north
You move north.

The Highway
The broad highway built of concrete slabs runs east and west, glimmering
white, like a frozen stream, in the darkness.  To the west it is blocked by
an impassable wall of deadfall.  A path leads south into the forest. An
eroded pillar stands near the edge of the road.

> x pillar
The pillar is a road marker with a carved arrow on top. The inscription on
the arrow indicates that Heliopoli lies about 15 ryds to the west. To the
east, the inscription claims,  the highway leads to Xycanthus.

Lost Xycanthus. Fabled Xycanthus. Doomed Xycanthus. A place of untold riches
-- before the Doom. It might be easier to take revenge on Malevol if you
weren't totally coinless.

> east
As you continue along the highway you hear a thin, high-pitched sound, like
the faint cry of a cicada. "Fool! Go back!" it seems to be saying. Surely you
must be imagining things.

> east
You move east.

The Gate
The highway ends before an immense, masonry wall.   Set into the wall is an
equally enormous metal door which is closed.

> x door
The door is twice your height, made of some sort of dull metal you cannot
readily identify but which  gives an impression of impregnability -- exactly
the sort of door you would expect to find on a storehouse of untold treasure.
The metal's surface  has been worked into an impossibly intricate, but
seemingy meaningless, pattern. In the center of the door is a brass panel.

> x panel
A brass panel on which is written in raised letters:

X-Y-C-A-N-T-H-U-S

Each letter looks as if it might move if you press it.

> press y
You feel a vibration beneath your fingertips and the Y of brass  begins to
glow.

A  nearly inaudible, insectoid voice, reaches your ears.

"No further! Remember the doom!"

The voice seems to be emanating from the gem i the back of your hand. And it
sounds rather like a wasp-sized  Malevol.

> press a
The A begins to glow brightly.

> press h
The H lights up and as it does the gate creaks open.

> east
You stride through the open gateway.

Deserted Square
Once this may have been a great  plaza,  its size and magnificence humbling
those strangers who entered Xycanthus. Now there remain only bare cobbles.
Whatever else was here has been swept away. There is certainly no sign of the
city's fabled wealth but then treasures are not commonly stored in public
squares.  A wide avenue leads north, while to the east there lie charred
ruins.

You hear Malevol's tiny, buzzing voice,  panicked and all but incoherent.
"Fool! Get out! Go Back! The Doom! The DOOM!!"

The voice fades suddenly, almost as if it is blocked by the city walls.
Perhaps the inhabitants of Xycanthus imbued their city with certain
safeguards against magic -- certainly nothing that was effective against the
mysterious doom however.

As you enter the city, as if by some enchantment, the two moons of your
world, only recently risen, appear from behind a tattered veil of clouds.

> give ring to watcher
There is no watcher here.

> north
You move north.

Colonnaded Thoroughfare
The remains of a colonnaded thoroughfare, twice as wide as the Avenue of the
Eternal Sun in Heliopoli. Now most of the bordering columns have fallen and
street is littered with bits of marble and broken statues. To the south lies
an expanse of bare cobbles. To the north you can see the foundation of some
ruined structure.

You can also see a marble bust.

> north
You move north.

Ruined Villa
Here the remains of a villa, little more than foundations, are laid out like
a diagram on the ground. There is the outline of the dining hall, the
courtyard, an office, a bedroom. No walls remain, only some mosaic floors.
Gardens lie to the east. You can also move south.

You can also see a paperweight.

> get paperweight
You take the paperweight.

> east
You move east.

Gardens
This place was once an elaborate, decorative garden.  Now the grass grows
wild, the ornamental bushes have degenerated into stunted, twisted shapes.
Still, with the rank vegetation and ruined walkways  silvered with moonlight,
you can almost envision how it was. The most striking feature is a marble
woman. An image of Aphrodite.  To the south the garden runs into darkness
that not even the moonlight can penetrate. You can also move west.

You can also see a gold dinner plate.

> x woman
A life sized marble statue of the love goddess one vanished civilization
called Aphrodite. Only a few flecks of paint remain on her slender arms and
graceful legs. The pale stone  glows in the moonlight, surrounding the
perfect, frozen figure in a faint nimbus. How can you not be reminded of
Marivelle? Will your lips ever again touch hers?

> kiss aphrodite
You kiss the still, white lips of Aphrodite. They are cool,  unyielding, and
unresponsive. Then, it seems, you feel a slight tremor.

 A tiny door slides open underneath one rounded breast and a key tumbles to
the ground.

Suddenly you feel a warmth at your ear. Like Marivelle's breath. You are
alone, yet  in your mind lingers a memory of a whisper. "XYZZY"

> get key
You take the iron key.

> xyzzy
"Xyzzy." You whisper the strange combination of letters. What put them into
your head?

In an instant your question is answered. Like father like daughter, it seems,
because a magical vision forms before you. Marivelle is standing on a
balcony. Beyond her you can discern the unmistakeable jade green waters of
the Southern Sea.

So that is where Malevol sent her. Far from Heliopoli. She  must have given
you the spell so you would be able to find her.

> south
You move south.

Temple Courtyard
This courtyard must have been colonnaded once, but now only a few stumps of
columns remain around its edge. The surface is an unbroken sheet of what
appears to be polished black obsidian, perfectly reflecting beneath your
feet, the two moons overhead. The only structure standing here is a temple,
to the east. You can also move north or south.

> x temple
The shrine is an enormous likeness of Batrachius, the obscene toad idol of
ancient Xycanthus. Carved from stone the color of brackish water at midnight,
the squat, bulbous abomination, with its hideously distended and distorted
features, resembles more a bloated corpse which has floated to the top of a
foetid pool than anything a sane person would think to worship. There is a
door in the corpulent stone belly of the thing.

> unlock door
You unlock the temple door.

> east
You move east.

Temple of the Toad God
The interior of the temple is suffused with a watery green effulgence which
seems to emanate from the intricately carved walls. The floor is bare
concrete, interrupted at its center by a small pool. At the back of the room,
an archway opens east on a staircase.

Two small, but monstrously ugly toads block your way to both the stairs and
the pool. You realize, somehow, that you will not be able to get past the
creatures.  Actually, to pass them you'd have to risk touching them and you
don't want to do that.

> throw pouch in pool
That's it! Poison the pool from which the toads draw their very substance.
You knew there had to be some reason you'd been carting around a dead snake
in a venom saturated pouch!

The mucilaginous black ooze in the pool boils as it absorbs the poison. A
terrible keening echos around the perversely decorated walls. The nearly
invisible filaments tethering the toads to the pool crumble into nothingness
and one by one the toads shrivel and implode in tiny puffs of glittering dust
leaving behind no trace.

> east
You move east.

The Onyx Stairs
This immense staircase of black and gray striped onyx leads down into a kind
of crater from the center of which rises a gargantuan dome. The stairs also
go east  to the temple.

> down
You move down.

A Desolate Crater
A crater, an expanse of blasted, barren earth in which not even a hardy weed
has chosen to grow. The ground begins to rise near the edge of the crater,
first gradually, then abrupty, forming an  vertical wall which is clearly
impassable at every point, except where it is interrupted by the onyx
stairway.  Some of the taller ruins of Xycanthus can be discerned beyond the
rim of the crater.  None can match the massive, domed edifice at the center.
You can go up the stairs or move east or south, around the dome.

> east
You move east.

A Desolate Crater
The crater looks to be entirely empty, save for the towering dome in the
middle. The packed earth is devoid even of dust. You can go south or west
around the dome in the center of the crater.

> south
You move south.

A Desolate Crater
In this dead crater, starkly lit by the light of the moons, there is nothing
but packed earth, hard and unyielding as pavement. The great dome rises from
the center. You can go north or west.

> x dome
At one place a fissure angles down the side of the dome, large enough to form
a sort of path by which you might be able to make your way upwards. There
appears to be a shadowy gap at the end of the fissure.

A small movement catches your attention. It is the malevolent eye in the gem
embedded in your hand. The eye is blinking rapidly. Is is possible for a
disembodied eye to look wide with terror?

> up
You move up.

A cavern
This is a sort of cavity in what appears to be plain rock, more like a
natural cave than a room one would expect to find within a manmade structure.
The dome's shell must be of a thickness to match its monstrous size. Here and
there rocky columns run from floor to ceiling. There are openings to the
south and east as well as the exit leading down.

> drop all but sword
You drop the jagged rock, the note, the scrap of cloth, the gold ring, the
iron key and the paperweight.

> east
You move east.

Dim Passageway
A wide, tubular passageway. Here and there some kind of nacreous mineral,
half embedded in the curving walls,  glimmers dimly. In one spot there
appears to be  scratchings on the wall. Exits lie to the north and west.

> north
You move north.

Dim Passageway
You can barely see in the dim light but you sense a pulsation, like a
heartbeat, coming from. . .where? The walls? The passageway ahead? The exits
are south and west.

> west
You move west.

Dim Passageway
There is nothing to see in the gloom but the rough conglomerate of the walls.
However, clearly, the pulsating thump filling the air comes from the opening
to the north. There is also an exit to the east.

> north
You move north.

A Grotto
This grotto looks no less natural than the cave which lies beyond the
passageway to the south but unlike the cave it is filled with a lambent light
originating from mineral deposits which stream along the walls in twisting,
frozen rivulets of sparkling fire.

  A gap in the walls leads north, but you can only guess at what treasures
might lie beyond because stretched tightly across the opening is a purplish,
pulsating membrane. Perhaps this beating membrane is the source of the
thumping that fills the grotto and passageways all around.

> cut membrane with sword
You slash at the membrane. The bronze sword blade meets taut resistance for
an instant, then the membrane tears, with an audible noise. Pulsing veins,
ripped apart, dangle and wave, spurting blood wildly and the ragged, rent
tissues ooze dark red ichor..
There is a harsh chattering noise and a monstrous form, three times your
height, scuttles through the bloody, membranous tatters which dangle like a
torn curtain from the opening in the wall.

It appears to be a sort of gargantuan crab. You can make out the pale dome of
the shell below which glisten fiery eyes and slathering mandibles.

Is this the doom that came to Xycanthus? As it moves swiftly toward you on
hideously writhing tenacles, you're sorry you asked.

> south
You sprint out of the Grotto. You've always run well. A valuable skill for a
thief.

Dim Passageway
Perhaps it is your panic that makes the passage seem darker than before.
There is only  the slightest glimmer of light to the east.

> east
You run.

Dim Passageway
Stygian darkness chokes the passageway and you can barely discern the exits
to the south and west.

You must be opening up some distance between yourself and your
pursuer.Although you don't dare pause to look behind, the giant crab's
hideous chattering sounds fainter.

> south
You push yourself to run faster. Though your lungs begin to burn with the
effort there's no doubt you are leaving the monstrosity behind. The
scrabbling of its tentacles along the passageway has definitely faded.

Dim Passageway
You are drowning in an inky darkness. The exits to the north and west are
more recalled than seen.

> west
Your legs are weak but you seem to have outrun the horror.

Cavern
The cavern leading out of the great dome has been transformed. In addition to
the exit to the east, half the floor has fallen away taking whatever might
have been there with it. Looking down through the gap you can see what appear
to be the moonlit ruins of Xycanthus, moving beneath. No, it is the space
you're standing in which is moving.

You can also see a paperweight.

> get paperweight
You take the paperweight.

> jump
You fling yourself down through the gap in the floor. In a book, your last
thought would be of the lovely Marivelle.  In reality you are only wondering
what the fatal impact of flesh on unyeilding stone will feel like.

To your astonisment, your fall is brief. Almost immediately you hit a hard
surface, roll instinctively and come to a stop, uninjured.

You must have been passing over the Great Wall surrounding Xycanthus when you
jumped because that is what you are standing on top of now. Fate has smiled
on you after all. What's more, although the wall had seemed unscalable when
you approached the outer gate you can see now that it has been damaged in
several spots, leaving crevices and gaps which it will be simple enough to
climb down. You only wish you had made off with some treasure worthy of a
fabled city.

But at least you have an exceedingly heavy paperweight so your visit has not
been a total loss

You are certainly not venturing back into the city. From your lofty vantage
point you can make out a number of crab-like horrors identical to the one
that pursued you, scuttling down deserted streets and across the ruined
squares, their long shadows undulating behind them in the harsh moonlight.

When you turn away from the city and gaze down the highway leading to
Heliopoli, the light from the moons reveals also that these crab-creatures
are not the doom that came to fabled Xycanthus. They are merely children of
the doom, newly spawned.

The true, unspeakable, Doom that sated itself on the city and its inhabitants
so long ago, then slept, and gestated, before you woke it, is striding away
on powerful tentacles.

The enormous dome of its shell, the dome you mistook for the handiwork of
man, rather than that of some malign mad god, gleams dimly for a few moments
before vanishing into the distance.

No wonder that the creature is moving with such terrible speed. It must be
very hungry after so many centuries. And where might it find sufficient
sustenance save in Heliopoli whose marble colonnaded thoroughfares are filled
with a tempting marrow of bustling humanity.

Heliopoli, home of Malevol the Wizard. You glance down at the cracked but
still faintly glowing gem embedded in the back of your hand. The wizard's red
eye rolls wildly. You almost imagine it suddenly widens, the pupil growing
huge. Then the gem flickers like a guttering candle and goes

Congratulations!
You scored 85 out of the maximum 100!
That is 85% of the game!
You finished 15 points short.
