Loading game...

Drinks With Lord Hansom

Drinks With Lord Hansom

By revgiblet, for Ectocomp 2008.

[Press a Key]

"...and so he saved my life," concluded the Captain, "But it was the most
damnable thing.  When I asked around the regiment that he told me that he was
from, the fellows there told me that the only soldier matching the
description that I gave had been killed by a French gun battery three months
ago."

Captain Weathers took a draught from his brandy and sat back, shaking his
head at the memory.

"Really, my dear Captain," Huntsley laughed, "I don't think that your story
proves the existence of the supernatural.  Rather, it merely provides
evidence for the dull intellect of the average Redcoat."

"Ignore him, Captain," the Reverend interjected, "It has always been the
recourse of the foolish to mock that which they don't understand."

"Oh, and I suppose there's no point in asking you if you believe in the
supernatural, is there Reverend?" Huntsley grinned, winking at me.

"If I rejected things simply on the basis of me never having seen them then I
would have given up taking in air a long time ago, Albert." the Reverend
Smythe responded.

"And I imagine we'd all be the better off for it." Huntsley retorted,
bringing a wry smile from Smythe and appreciative guffaws from the rest of
us.

I risked a glance at our host, Lord Rupert Hansom.  He had been silent and
pensive all evening.  It was most unlike him and somewhat troubling.

"And what of you, Rupert," I attempted to bring him into the conversation,
"Do you believe in phantoms and will-o'-the-wisps?"

He looked up, as though he were registering our presence for the first time
this evening.  He said nothing, but a stormy look crossed his face.

"Is something vexing you, Rupert?" asked Doctor Mudford.

"It has not been a good day," Rupert replied, "And I find that you have
chosen a highly disconcerting topic of conversation."

"Tell us what troubles you.  Perhaps we may help?" Huntsley probed, concern
on his face.

"I think it unlikely that you can aid me, Albert," Rupert replied, rather
sharply in my opinion, "For you have already made your views on such matters
abundently clear."

"Rupert?  What is it?" the Reverend was clearly anxious for our mutual
friend.

Hansom made no reply for some time, but then he began to speak...

[Press a Key]

"As you know," Rupert began, "My brother and I inherited the Hansom title and
property when our Uncle John met his untimely end.  He had never married, and
as his only living relatives we were the ones to benefit from his rather
tragic death."

"Upon receving the deeds to this property, my brother and I decided to spend
a couple of days making this place comfortable.  Uncle John had a habit of
employing the most terrible housekeepers either of us had ever known.  On our
second day here, early in the morning, my brother took a cab into town.  I
ventured into the attic to see what treasures I could find."

"Almost instantly I was rewarded when I came across the most exquisite little
silver music box.  It was just sitting there in the middle of the floor,
stored most carelessly - though that didn't seem to have harmed it any.  I
was quite taken with my find and returned downstairs to get a better look at
it.  But I was damned if I could get it to work.  It wouldn't make a sound.
I shook it and prodded it, but nothing, not even a chime.  So I put it on the
table in the kitchen and resolved to ask my brother about it.  He had an eye
for mechanics, you understand.  He would know whether it was broken beyond
repair, and had the contacts in London to ensure that any work that was
needed would be done well."

"But I was curious about the music box.  Clearly it was valuable and I
wondered how it had come into my Uncle's possession and why he had never
mentioned it.  I returned to the attic to see if I could find some paperwork
or manuscript that would give me more details about the piece..."

[Press a Key]

The Attic (north)

I stood in the north end of the attic, where the ladder led down to the
landing below me.  The attic itself stretched to the south.  I was surrounded
by a collection of flotsam and jetsam; the fruit of my Uncle's travels and
the consequence of a heritage of material wealth.  Against one of the walls,
a sheet covered some unidentifiable object.

Against the east wall stood a thin bookcase, crammed with papers and books.
If I recall correctly, just by the entrance to the attic there was a pile of
mouldy and rotting rags.

> s
I move south.

The Attic (south)

The piles of clutter were scarcer this end of the attic, but no less
intimidating.  A small lamp on the wall offered enough light by which I could
find my way and investigate this area.  The attic stretched back to the
north, where the ladder led down to the landing.

An interesting looking casket rested on the floor.  Resting just underneath
the lamp was a large painting.  A small packing crate was located here.  A
tall, portrait mirror was also propped up here.

> turn first dial
I turned the first dial.  With a click, the number changed to 1.

> turn first dial
I turned the first dial.  With a click, the number changed to 2.

> turn first dial
I turned the first dial.  With a click, the number changed to 3.

> turn second dial
I turned the second dial.  With a click, the number changed to 1.

> turn second dial
I turned the second dial.  With a click, the number changed to 2.

> turn second dial
I turned the second dial.  With a click, the number changed to 3.

> turn second dial
I turned the second dial.  With a click, the number changed to 4.

> turn second dial
I turned the second dial.  With a click, the number changed to 5.

> turn second dial
I turned the second dial.  With a click, the number changed to 6.

> turn third dial
I turned the third dial.  With a click, the number changed to 1.

> turn third dial
I turned the third dial.  With a click, the number changed to 2.

> turn third dial
I turned the third dial.  With a click, the number changed to 3.

> turn third dial
I turned the third dial.  With a click, the number changed to 4.

> turn third dial
I turned the third dial.  With a click, the number changed to 5.

> turn third dial
I turned the third dial.  With a click, the number changed to 6.

> turn third dial
I turned the third dial.  With a click, the number changed to 7.

> open casket

The lock of the casket quietly clicked open, and I lifted the lid curious as
to what I would find.

As the diary had suggested, the casket contained a selection of papers and
notes - including the missing pages that had been torn from my Uncle's
journal.  I began to read....

[Press a Key]

I must confess that I didn't really understand much of what I read.  It
seemed that my Uncle had inherited the music box, just as I had.  It also
seems that it held a fascination for him as it did for me.  He had attempted
to research its roots, and recorded things that puzzled and disturbed me.

He claimed that the music box had first come into our possession during the
17th century.  Our title and land comes from James Hansom, a privateer who
plundered shipping and ports in the New World, all in the name of Charles II.
 His success earned him much favour and when he returned to England it was as
a rich man.  My Uncle wrote that he had discovered a strange story about
James Hansom's first dealings with the box.

Apparently, James had purchased the box at a market in Genoa sometime in the
1670s.  My Uncle drew particular attention to this point, writing that this
was unusual in itself, for the art of making such trinkets had not really
developed until this very century.  The story went that James assumed that it
did something, for it appeared to be mechanical, but was most vexed by the
fact that it - in fact - appeared to do nothing.  Allegedly he took it to a
craftsman in London, asking for him to take a look at it and fix it if he
could.

About a week later the box was returned to James, with an angry letter from
the craftsman stating that there was nothing wrong with the box.  He wrote
that it appeared to be a quite ingenious mechanism that simply involved small
pins hitting bells that resulted in a charming tune being played when the box
was open.  In other words, there was nothing wrong with the box and he would
thank Mr. Hansom to not waste his time in the future.

But James could still not get the box to work.  Two weeks later, he travelled
to London himself to speak with the craftsman.  Upon reaching the craftsman's
workshop he was astonished to find that three days before his arrival, the
artificer had been taken by a fit of lunacy and had thrown himself from the
second floor of his home, sustaining fatal injuries.

James thought nothing of it, other than it was a tragic event, and took the
box to a different craftsman.  This craftsman declared that, whilst amazingly
intricate and clever, the device appeared to be broken beyond repair.  It
seems that following this, the box vanished until my Uncle found it amongst
some belongings that he inherited.

[Press a Key]

Apparently, my Uncle thought it was nothing more than a beautiful piece for -
like James before him - he could not get it to work.  Then one day a friend
of his was visiting and opened the box.  He declared it to be playing the
most wonderful tune that he had ever heard but my Uncle, who was in the room
at the time, claimed that he heard nothing.  A week later my Uncle's friend
leapt into the River Tees for no apparent reason and was drowned.

At this point, it appears that my Uncle began to suspect that the music box
was not all that it appeared to be.  He began to write more and more frantic
missives on his research.  He could find nothing about the origins of the
box, but he became more and more convinced that it was cursed.  Eventually,
he came to believe that those who heard it play music were doomed to insanity
in the near future.

He became obsessed and decided to try and rid himself of the box.  He tells
of a time when he travelled to Dover to take a ship to France.  Whilst in the
middle of the English Channel he claims that he pitched the box overboard and
watched it sink beneath the waves.  Yet, he also wrote that when he returned
home from his trip, the box was sitting on his dining room table as though
nothing had happened.

Perhaps the most disturbing record was the final page that he had clearly
torn from his journal - dated just days before he took his own life.

"My worst fears have been confirmed.  I have decided to take all of my notes
and lock them - along with the wretched box - inside my trick casket.  God
willing, that will be enough for now.  I know that I have not much time, for
this morning I heard the music."

[Press a Key]

I was pondering these notes for some time.  I was not sure what to make of
them.  Was there really something sinister about the music box that I had
found, or was this simply proof of my Uncle's deteriating mental state.  It
certainly seemed like a story that was too fantastic to be true, and God
knows that my Uncle had not been himself for some time.

I do not know how long I had been alone in the attic, but I was eventually
brought out of my stupour by the sound of someone calling my name.  It was my
brother.  He had returned from town.  I clambered out of the attic and met
him on the stairs, where he had been ascending to find me.  I noticed, as he
came up the stairs, that in his hand he held the music box that I had left in
the kitchen.  It was open.  He smiled at me.

"Rupert, where did you find this exquisite toy?  Did it belong to Uncle John?
 Isn't it playing the most delightful tune that you have ever heard?"

My heart almost stopped right there on those stairs.  For I, and I swear on
my own life that this is true, I could hear no music.

[Press a Key]

There was silence in the room as Rupert concluded his story.  It was a most
uncomfortable silence, for not a man of us did not know that his brother was
in the Bedlam across town.  He had been taken by insanity a few years ago.
The silence was clearly too much for Huntsley to bear, and he was the first
to break it.

"Rupert...surely you don't think...listen, your brother..."

"My brother is dead." Rupert snapped.  "This morning I was called to the
Sanitorium to see his body.  He died in his sleep last night.  The doctors do
not know what happened, but I saw his face.  It was twisted in terror.  He
died of fear.  That box took his mind and then it took his life last night."

Silence again, only broken by the dull rhythm of the clock on the wall.
After about a minute, I spoke.  I asked the question that all of us had been
thinking.

"What did you do with the box?"

Rupert seemed to slump in his chair, defeated.

"What could I do?  When my brother was taken ill I feared that my Uncle was
right.  But what choice did I have?  I could not, in good conscience, sell it
or pass it on.  Neither could I discard it.  If my Uncle was right then not
even throwing it into the ocean would rid me of it.  Somehow it had found its
way out of the casket so that I would find it that morning in the attic.
Perhaps I could destroy it, but how?  I knew that I could not find a
blacksmith in the world who could be convinced to melt the damned thing down
into silver and then discard it as though it were worthless.  Who would do
that but a madman?  No.  I only had one option.  I locked it back in that
casket and buried it under rags in the attic."

This time it was the Reverend who asked the question.

"And...is it still there?"

"I assumed that it was," Rupert answered, "Until I returned from visiting my
brother's corpse this morning.  You can probably imagine my horror when I
returned home and saw that."

He gestured to the fireplace on the far wall, and the air in the room chilled
as we all looked.

There, on the mantel above the fire, previously unnoticed by any of us was a
small, beautiful, silver box.  It was some time before any of us looked away,
and again it was Huntsley who spoke first.

"Surely this is just a jest, Rupert?  Just a captial joke at our expense?"

"You think this is a fanciful jape?" Hansom raised his eyebrow.  "Well, go
and open the box.  Surely at least one of you gentlemen is in the mood for a
little music."

Unsurprisingly, none of us were.

[Press a Key]

THE END.

Thank you for playing.
