Loading game...

Duck McCloud-The Fight Begins
Duck is on his way to San Francisco for his only holiday of the year, he
hopes that nothing bad will happen on his holiday. Then disaster strikes
.......

> open breifcase
Inside your breifcase there is a 9mm Walter PPK with suppresser and a picture
of your wife,book and documents.

> get gun
you now have your trusty gun.

> look at documents
The document has a lot of information on my previous Bomb Defusing Mission.
Under extreme pressure I managed to defuse the bomb by clipping the blue
wire,( lucky i did not clip the red one).

> look at bomb
The bomb looks powerful and has many wires but from experiance you know it is
either the red, blue,green or purple wire that you cut. But which is it now ?

> cut blue wire
Well done you have defused the bomb!!!!!. But while this was happening you
hear gun shots from the front of the plane and you become suspicious. And you
hear foot steps coming towards you. Do you hide or try to shoot them?

> hide
Good Idea, you hide behind your chair with your gun drawn luckily the guy
does not see you, but you notice them talking about another bomb on the
plane. And you realise you have to get off. But How?

> east
You move east.

Passage
It is a small passage, north is the cockpit south is the toilet. And in the
corner is the boarding door.

You can move north and west.

> north
You move north.

Cockpit
Straight ahead of you are many dials which mean absolutly nothing to you.  In
the Pilot and Co-Pilot chairs are two corpes. The pilot is a rather fat man
and after closer inspection You see his badge which gave the name Elijah
Manjula. In his forehead were two holes each gashing out the full 8 pints of
blood and puss in his body. The Co-Pilot was identical except for he had a
gunshot in his leg obviouly this man was asked to fly the plane but refused
and got shot in the leg as punishment. He must have refused again and that is
where the two gunshots to the head came from. On the back of the pilot you
notice a parachute. You notice a glimmer of red light in the corner.Oh
Crap!!! you cry. It is a second bomb.

Also here is second bomb 2 and your parachute.

You can only move south.

> take parachute
You have taken the parachute.

> south
You move south.

Passage
It is a small passage, north is the cockpit south is the toilet. And in the
corner is the boarding door.

You can move north and west.

> open door
We need more force to open that door.

> kick door
The door is open

> jump
You jump from the plane just in time and you survive the huge explosion that
occurs behind you. Unfortunatly your parachute is caught by the explotion.
Does Duck McCloud survive? Do you want to know more? Well just E-Mail me at
BuzzinAsh@ukgateway.net and tell me what you think. Thanks For Playing
Congratulations!
