Loading game...

As you walk down the dirt road at dusk you hear the trilling of peepers. It's
a familiar sound.  The sound of summer evenings in the northeast. The tree
frogs that produce the noise might as well be magical creatures, however.
You've heard them since you were a child, but never seen one.

Sometimes you've tried to locate the sound, listened, walked, stopped to
listen again. But as soon as you drew near, the peepers fell silent, leaving
you to search dark branches in vain.

Is this the evening you finally glimpse one of the mysterious singers? You
decide that wil be your goal. To find one of the mysterious tree frogs.
Tonight, amid the chorus, a single trilling voice seems to stand out.
Listen.

A WALK AT DUSK
An interactive essay (c) 2005 by Eric Mayer [version2]
Caution: If you haven't played this game before please type "About"

The Dirt Road
A country road.  Hard packed dirt. You can feel embedded pebbles beneath
your worn out running shoes.  To the east the undergrowth is impassable but
there is a field to the west. The road runs north and south.

> w
You move west.

The Field
The field, west of the road, is planted in timothy and forms a glimmering
rectangle bounded on all sides by dark masses of trees.  Did a pale shape
move, near the shadows at the edge of the field? Or was it a trick of your
eyes. Perhaps your vision is not quite adjusted to the dark.

> l
The field, planted in timothy, forms a glimmering rectangle bounded on all
sides by dark masses of trees.

Now pale shapes separate themselves from the shadows. Three deer. One lifts
its head from grazing, then all three leap  away, on legs which look
impossibly long and fragile. They seem to bound in slow motion, yet they are
gone in an instant.

> e
You move east.

The Dirt Road
A country road.  Hard packed dirt. You can feel embedded pebbles beneath
your worn out running shoes.  To the east the undergrowth is impassable but
there is a field to the west. The road runs north and south.

> n
There's just enough light left in the sky for you to see your way but the
vegetation all around has been reduced to dark shapes.  You've never been any
good at identifying wild flowers or plants or trees anyway, even though
you've lived among them your whole life.

For the most part, the shapes or leaves or petals, do not suggest a verbal
label which you can place on what you're seeing. Plants don't care about
their names, why should you?

The Dirt Road
The road is nothing more than a narrow passage, flanked by utility poles,
running north and south between walls of dark undergrowth. The surface
catches faint illumination from the fading light in the sky.

> n
You move north.

The Dirt Road
The north/south road turns east. To the west and north a plank fence which
appears to be still under construction prevents you from wandering into
someone's backyard. Undergrowth blocks movement in other directions.

> x fence
A shoulder high wooden fence. A formidable barrier.  Picket fences seem to be
a thing of the past, let alone the unfenced yards you and your friends
wandered through as children.

On second glance the fence isn't under construction but merely falling apart.
 Already a board has come loose.  You see it lying on the ground.

> get board
You manage to pick the board up. It's long but light and easily carried under
one arm.

> x window
You squint at the window. You can make out a shape.  The silhouette of a cat,
seated on the sill, no doubt oblivious to the television, looking out into
the night instead, at you.

> e
You move east.

The Dirt Road
The road branches just before it meets a stream. You can only take the north
branch, through a stand of hemlocks,  because what used to be a small bridge
to the east has long since crumbled away.  To the south a footpath breaks
through the undergrowth.

> s
As you step onto the path you hear the croaking of bullfrogs. Almost
instantly followed by silence.  Your shoes squelch down into mud.

Path
The path diminishes to a rut before ending at a  pond. The stream which ran
beside the road has vanished into a marsh filled with tall grass and
cattails.

You think about the trilling you heard earlier and realize that if you want
to locate the hidden singer you'll have to listen often as you walk.

Are you any nearer to it it now, or further away?

Listen.

> x mud
Glancing toward your feet you see what look like paw prints in the mud.
Bending down you can make out what you're pretty sure must be deer tracks.
But you also see some much larger indentations. Made by large paws. Too
large, you think, to have been made by a dog.

A bear perhaps.

You're not sure you like the idea of being out on a dark path frequented by
bears.

> x pond
The surface of the water is a glistening black mirror which reflects nothing
but the night. The bats are what draw your attention. They must be preying on
insects near the surface. You see the bats circle, then swoop down, or glide,
or simply fold their wings and plummet like broken kites. At the last instant
their wings begin to flap, carrying them away from the water. You hear their
strange, impossible high pitched squeaks.

> n
You move north.

The Dirt Road
The road branches just before it meets a stream. You can only take the north
branch, through a stand of hemlocks,  because what used to be a small bridge
to the east has long since crumbled away.  To the south a footpath breaks
through the undergrowth.

> n
You move north.

Dirt Road
The road runs north and south. Dark hemlocks and mountain laurel crowd the
roadside except to the southeast where the stream is just visible.

> drop board
You manage to lay the board across the stream.

> se
You step gingerly across the board. It wobbles, but you make it to the other
side of the stream without falling in, and climb the bank beside the road.

The Dirt Road
The moonlight strikes long shadows from pebbles and whatever else might be on
the roadway. The  road  ends to the east at a sturdy wooden gate in a
farmer's fence. An untended meadow lies to the south. The stream runs to the
west and to the northwest.

As you step onto the asphalt, your shoe slides on something. It looks like a
piece of wire.

> x wire
The stiff wire, maybe 8 inches long, appears burnt at the top. The remains of
a sparkler left over from the Fourth of July.

You suppose some kids must have come out to this secluded spot for a secret
fireworks display.

People weren't as overly concerned with safety when you were a kid. In your
memory  hundreds of sparklers are arrayed on the back lawn, showering fire
everywhere, sending crazy shadows flying. The dazzling light illuminates the
smoke coiling up into the night.. You hold a sparkler at arms length,  hear
it hiss and sputter. Stray sparks prick the back of your hand. When the
sparks sputter to an end you wave the glowing stick, draw pictures in the air
that cling to your eyes in after images. You slash out 'Z' for Zorro.  Yes,
that was a long time ago.

> x sky
The half moon rising over the low mountains has washed all but a few bright
stars from the sky.

You never learned the constellations. As a kid you wanted to see meteors but
were too impatient to look, and look again, and keep looking. One summer you
got in the habit of taking a lawn chair and a transistor radio out into the
backyard after dark so you could lie back and listen to the baseball game
while scanning the sky. That was 1964. You did glimpse a few meteors but the
most spectacular fireball you witnessed was the Phillies plummeting from
first place in the final week of the season.

> x sky
The half moon rising over the low mountains has washed all but a few bright
stars from the sky.

> x sky
The half moon rising over the low mountains has washed all but a few bright
stars from the sky.

> x sky
The half moon rising over the low mountains has washed all but a few bright
stars from the sky.

There!

A meteor.

A fleeting spark. Flaring and fading so quickly you seem to see only the
memory.

> s
You move south.

The Meadow
The edges of the meadow are defined by the fence to the east and mountain
laurel to the west. Everywhere else you look, briars rise out of the
knee-high grass.There seems to be a way through to the south.

> s
You move south.

The Meadow
Masses of briars block your path in most directions but you can go east and
west, as well as to the north.    Amidst the odors of earth and vegetation,
there is another smell. It comes to you faintly, then vanishes, leaving you
unsure if you really smelled anything at all.

> smell
You recognize the smell of strawberries. Now, crouching down, you see a wild
strawberry nestled in the weeds, near the ground. You can't resist picking
and eating it.

If you'd bought the strawberry in the grocery you'd have considered it small
and none too sweet, but discovered out here, it tastes delicious.

> e
As you move east, the trilling of the peeper seems to fade.

The Meadow
The meadow extends to the west and southwest. The farm fence bars progress in
any other directions.

You think about the trilling you heard earlier and realize that if you want
to locate the hidden singer you'll have to listen often as you walk.

Are you any nearer to the sound now, or further away? If you "listen" at each
location you might be able to find your way to the tree frog.

Listen.

> sw
You walk between two dark masses of vegetation and without warning there's
something clammy pressed across your face. A spider web.

The web offers remarkable resistance.  You back up.

Spiders aren't your favorite creatures and walking through a spider web isn't
something you enjoy doing.

> sw
You take a deep breath and step forward again.

The sticky strands wrap themselves around your face.

The spider that made this must be huge.  You shake your head, flail your
hands and the horrible thing falls away.

Even after you're free, you can feel arachnoid feet skittering along your
neck. Probably just sweat.

The Meadow
The meadow stretches to the west and  northeast. A fence blocks your way east
while undergrowth and briars impede movement in other directions. Near the
fence, in the corner of the meadow, a white birch glows in the twilight.
You have to use your tongue to dislodge a strawberry seed that stuck between
your teeth.

> x birch
Against the black backdrop of fields and bushes the  white birch appears
luminous.

You recall the twisted old birch at the corner of a field and a scrubby patch
of woods near the house you lived in when you were growing up.  There was a
mossy mound at the base of the tree.  All the neighborhood kids knew it was
the grave of an Indian.

As night fell, the Indian's ghost would emerge. In the twilight, you and your
friends stood on the far side of the field and stared as the gnarled white
form emerged from the deepening shadows.  The darker it got the brighter the
tree seemed to glow.

As you squinted at the white tree it began to grow misty, as if some
ectoplasmic form were seeping out of the netherworld.

At which point someone would scream, "There he is! I see him! The Indian's
ghost!"

And we'd all run like hell.

> w
You move west.

The Meadow
The meadow goes back east.  Progress in other directions is blocked by briars
and undergrowth, except to the north where a patch of low growing plants
glisten slightly in the night. From the surrounding undergrowth on the far
side of this part of the meadow, extends a short line of closely spaced
trees, perhaps the remains of a hedgerow between vanished fields.

> x weeds
Looking more closely at the low lying weeds you can make out the clusters of
three, rough edged, glossy leaves. Poison ivy. You had better avoid that!

> x evergreen
The evergreen is about the size of a Christmas tree you might bring into the
living room. You see that it has grown in such a way that its boughs are
nearly wrapped around a slender sapling which you hadn't notice earlier, and
one large bough, in particular, looks just right to be decorated by a tree
frog.

> x sapling
At first glance you see nothing. Just a slender sapling. Easily dismissed as
a perch for a magical creature.

> x sapling
You decide to look more closely, take another step toward the sapling. Where
might a frog perch?

You run your gaze down the sapling's trunk, checking where each shadowy
branch joins.
Then,  not much more than a yard from your face, you see movement -- a tiny
frog's white neck pulsing in time with its singing.

The peeper is no larger than the end of your thumb. You can make out little
more than the pale neck but the sight is more amazing than anything you've
seen in a zoo, let alone on any television nature show.

For years you've listened to this sound and now, finally, you are looking at
its source.

Your walk at dusk has been a success.

[Press any key to go home].

You glimpsed some deer in the twilight.
You've seen a shooting star.
You spotted at a cat staring at you. You found some bear tracks, maybe.
You've watched some bats. You ate a wild strawberry. You recalled the
Indian's ghost.
You remembered the Fourth of Julys of your childhood.
You've recognized poison ivy.

Unfortunately You got your shoes muddy.   You walked into a spider's web.

You've done 10 of  the 10 things you would have wanted to do.

Most importantly you finally saw a tree frog!
