Loading game...

An Evening with the Evil Chicken of Doom
You sat in the crowded theatre, the sounds of clapping and scream echoed into
your ears as the Evil Chicken of Doom walked onto the stage, a pair of thin
glasses on his head.

"Oh my god! It's him! Evil Chicken, I want you to have my baby!" a fanatical
woman screamed from beside you, holding her hands out to the chicken.

The theatre went silent as the Evil Chicken of Doom began his performance. He
was re-enacting the movie 'Ghostbusters 2' with a variety of clucks and
pecks. The show had already won 10 Tony awards.

But this would be the final performance. You would stop the Evil Chicken of
Doom once and for all.

> get gum
Going against any good judgement, you pull off a still-sticky piece of gum.
You really are a perfect example of hygeine.

> light man on fire
You light the match and toss it on the large man. The flames spread quickly
on the gas soaked jacket, yet the large man doesn't seem to notice.

His wife pokes him in the side. "Harold, I think you're on fire."

The large man looks at his flaming jacket and nods. "Indeed I am. I'd better
go see a doctor about this."

The large man then casually gets up and walks out of the theatre, his jacket
still ablaze.

> e
You head into the Aisle to the East.

> take crowbar
You bend down and grab the crowbar off the floor.

> n
You move north.

Bottom of Stage
You're standing at the edge of the stage, which towers over you. The ledge of
the stage casts a dark shadow over the area, making it hard to see. The
darkness continues to the North, which leads underneath the stage itself. You
can hear the Evil Chicken continuing with his act up above.

The Usher heads to the south.

> z
Time passes...

> z
Time passes...

The Usher walks from the south.

> take flashlight
In the dark shadows at the bottom of the stage, you swipe the flashlight from
the Usher.

> fix flashlight
Using the gum, you manage to reconnect the two loose wires, fixing the
flashlight.

The Usher heads to the south.

> n
With the flashlight on, you head under the stage.

> open trapdoor
Using the crowbar, you pry open the trapdoor, revealing the lights up in the
rafters above the stage. Thinking fast, you pull yourself up on the stage,
the audience gasps in fear.

"Aha! I finally caught you, you Evil Chicken!" you scream to the fearsome
poultry.

You rip off the glasses off the Chicken's head, revealing his true identity.

"Oh my god! It's the Evil Chicken of Doom! All this time I just thought it
was an average run-of-the-mill acting chicken! We must stop it!" a man
screams from the audience.

But the Evil Chicken of Doom was prepared. He chants a bizarre cluck into the
air, and the room begins to fill with the screams of thousands upon thousands
of other chickens, who were hiding up in the rafters all along. The theatre
is soon filled with the screams of pain, as the eyes of the audience members
are pecked out by the ravaging poultry army.

You turn to face the Evil Chicken, who has pulled out a gun with his tiny
feet. "So. You had an army of chickens waiting for me. I guess you knew I'd
try to kill you at your play."

The Evil Chicken of Doom laughed, raising the gun into the air. A hook shot
out of it, catching onto a beam jutting out of the wall. He flashed you an
evil grin, and then was shot up into the air as the rope began to contract.

You walked past all of the screaming audience members, stepping out into the
cool air of the city outside. The Chicken had one once again, using his
genuine evilty to take down an entire theatre full of audience members.

But next time he won't be so lucky, because you were going to hit him where
he couldn't hide...

In an alley behind Denny's.

You scored 0 out of the maximum 0!
That is 100% of the game!
Well done - you scored maximum points!
