Loading game...

Escape from Insanity
Welcome to New Hazefield Institution.

That's what the sign said when I first got here. The place seemed nice
enough. It had a roof, wasn't on fire, and actually had a bathroom. Much
nicer than the craphole I was living in. But what they didn't tell me, was
that it was an insane asylum. Just because I called the movie Kangaroo Jack
"A hopping good time!", I was sent here for life...

But they locked up the wrong wino, because I'm not going down without a
fight. They may lock me up in a padded cell, they may crush my spirits with
some sort of meal they call "Crudsticks", but they can never hold me back,
because I'm going to escape, and I'm going to become a rich oil tycoon!
Nah...I think I'll just escape.

>

>

>

> i
You are carrying a shard of glass.

> score
Your score is 0 out of a maximum of 1000.  (0%)

> look

Padded Cell
This is the place. The horrible place. Full of so many horrors, you'd think
it's some sort of horror factory. The perfectly smooth padded walls sit
perfectly still, waiting for me to just bounce off of them like a drunken
monkey. The large steel door looks a little out of place with the rest of the
environment, especially since there's a large camera attached to it, watching
my every move.  The constant humming of the fluorescent drives me insane, I
wish I could just cry.

> listen
You hear the song Live and Let Die be hummed by the light.

> cry
It was just a figure of speech.

> open door
Yeah, I'm sure they'll just leave it open for you to escape.

> take pipe
You grab the top pipe with both your hands, and tug it off. Excellent. That
should come in handy.

> use glass with pipe
You stick the glass onto the end of the pipe, increasing it's length a
little.

> use pipe on light
You swing the pipe at the light, and the glass that you attached to the end
makes it long enough to shatter the light. The object inside falls to the
ground, a long chunk of rock. You don't need the pipe anymore, so you hide it
so the guards don't find it.

> use rock on button
You manage to shimmy the rock under the button, and using some pressure,
manage to pry the button off the wall with a loud pop.

> use rock on button
You tear open the back of the button with the rock, and find a small knife
hidden inside.

> sharpen knife
Using the rock, you manage to sharpen the blade of the knife. Damn this rock
is useful.

> cut cord
You pull out the knife, making a clever *swish* noise as you do, and held it
against the cord. You shout a weird warcry, and slash the cord across the
middle. The cord rips in half, shooting sparks all over the place. That was
unexpected. Soon, sparks engulf the paddded walls, setting the entire place
on fire.

And that was when I knew I had reached freedom. You see, in the minutes that
followed, I used a goat and a large fork to escape from the institution in a
very clever way, but that's not important. What is important, is that I'm now
in beautiful Hawaii where I'm free to talk with the sane people. And I owe it
all to my good friend fire, maybe I should start some fires now, to let other
people know how much fire can help them...

Congratulations psychopath, you're now a pyro. I hope you're happy.
You scored 0 out of the maximum 1000!
That is 0% of the game!
You finished 1000 points short.
