Loading game...

Everything Emanuelle
Everything Emanuelle

by

Stewart J. McAbney

An Experiment With Character

Press any key to start

Everything Emanuelle

   Since her death I have been afraid. Afraid to return to her bedside,
afraid to try and know her again, and afraid to cry again.
   Of course, I'm a man, and the emotion shouldn't consume me but through
some androne malfunction I find myself needing to understand her passing,
needing to see her again. But she was buried in the yard at St.Venerius one
month past and I feel strong enough to visit her stately chamber, strong
enough to be in her presence - if not her, her soul.

Press any key to continue

The Bed Chamber
   The mounting dust does little to tarnish the memory of my Emanuelle. Her
huge bedchamber retains all her glory: the sleek four poster bed, her
dressing table, and the array of bright blooms that fill the room with
colour. Indeed, her very soul still resides here - you can see her wonderful
figure in the clothing that fills the open wardrobes, her smile in the many
portraits of her ancestors, and her tender ways in the condition of all
things that she would have deemed precious. All this warmth does not,
however, complete the woman, as there are moments where one has to tease her
from the surroundings like the way the wind blows through the open window and
probes the splendid curtains: searching, feeling, shaping...

There is an exit out.

>

>

> x dust
   All this dust is a slur on her name, on her lifestyle - my Emanuelle was
as close to perfection as any woman could be. Who couldn't deny her a clean
memory in death?

> x bed
   Such a beautiful bed was Emanuelle's. Each poster would rise up like her
arms when she yawned and, in waking, the sheets would retain the warm
crescent of her body, the pillows preserving the happy heart shape of her
head.

> x sheets
   Soft and silken are the sheets reminding me of my Emanuelle's beautiful
skin - not overly pale, yet untanned - as fragile and colourful as an ancient
parchment.

> x pillows
   Soft and luxurious like her smile - the pillows often tended her gentle
head in dreams, their colour matching that of the silken sheets.

> x posters
   In a roundabout way the posters of the bed remind me of my Emanuelle's
legs - their sturdy yet graceful form and the way that they rise and rise
adding an admirable height to the overall beauty.

> x portraits
   Paintings of my Emanuelle's ancestors dating back a few hundred years
although I don't see the resemblance but the paintings in their age still
shine with beauty and I'm sure as age closed in around her she would stll
have shone by similar means.

> x blooms
   A wonderful patchwork of colour, her blooms resemble her sense of humour -
varied, fun, and always warm. There were days when she would sit with her
flowers, lovingly quenching their thirst, and conversing with them, asking
unanswerable questions on life. On love.

> x window
   The window betrays her nature: its transparency an ill reflection of the
complexities her mind would cloud. Looking through I see her garden, the
autumn emptiness of the trees seemingly mourning her passing in concert with
the darkest of daytime skies.

> x wind
   The wind's cold streak is invisible. It was much the same with my
Emanuelle, I never saw her cold temperament - maybe her nature would never
allow such imperfection.

> x curtains
   Her curtains are a wonderful shade of violet, their thick velvet nature
drifting aimlessly in the breeze from the window almost like the mystique of
her free spirit nature.

> x wardrobes
   Crammed with her myriad clothing, the wardrobes remind me of her many
faceted nature, of the way she would always surprise you with a comment when
you thought her opinions were spent.

> x clothing
   Numerous outfits that she collected over the years: cocktail dresses,
ballgowns, and the softest silk leisurewear. A melee of colour, the clothes
remind me of her gentle nature, her easygoing ways - their colours reflecting
her warmth and humour.

> x dresses
   Trim and elegant, her cocktail addresses come in a small variety of
colours such as black and shades of red and lilac. Although I never saw her
wear them, never had the chance, I can picture her now walking any catwalk
anywhere in the world such was her beauty and grace.

> x gowns
   Long and elegant, her ballgowns come in a large variety of colours such as
black, blue, orange, and a wonderful silver. Although I rarely saw her wear
them, rarely had the chance, I can picture her now dancing on any dancefloor
anywhere in the world such was her beauty and grace.

> x leisurewear
   Casual yet elegant, her leisurewear comes in a vast range of colours such
as red, purple, blue and brown and covered with numerous designer labels.
Although I often saw her wear them, it seemed all that she had at times, I
can picture her now walking any catwalk anywhere in the world such was her
beauty and grace.

> x table
   My Emanuelle's dressing table with its huge mirror and chest of drawers
was her favourite treasure. Sitting on its accompanying stool and playing
with her many hairbrushes, perfumes, and creams she would sculpt herself for
me to love and for others to envy.

> x mirror
   Many were the days when she would sit at the stool and stare dolefully
into the mirror, rolling her eyes over the reflection, and working on
sculpting a greater beauty than how it interpreted her.

> x stool
   Such a fancy stool. Designed in a style to match her dressing table, the
soft cushion of the seat is, like the way she was with all people,
comfortable.

> x hairbrushes
   Her hairbrushes are the finest I've ever seen - their silver handles
moulded into the forms of Classical gods - of course, I wouldn't expect less
from the finest woman I've ever seen.

> x perfumes
   Her perfumes are numerous in quantity and Italian and French in scents,
the perfect reminder of reaching in to kiss her and havng my senses awarded
with such a taste.

> x creams
   The creams are smooth like her wonderful complexion. Days wouldn't pass
without these exotic vials softening her face, softening her cheeks as I
would hold them when we kissed.

> n
   I can't leave my Emanuelle's bed chamber just yet, there are too many
questions that remain unanswered.

> u
   I can't leave my Emanuelle's bed chamber just yet, there are too many
questions that remain unanswered.

> open top drawer
   Reaching down, I take the drawer's handle and pull on it almost like the
way she would take a man's hand and lead him to the dancefloor.

> open middle drawer
   Reaching down, I take the drawer's handle and pull on it almost like the
way she would take a man's hand and lead him to the dancefloor.

> open bottom drawer
   Reaching down, I take the drawer's handle and pull on it almost like the
way she would take a man's hand and lead him to the dancefloor.

   A wig! What devilry is this? But that's my Emanuelle's hair. That's her
raven curls, the sheen surely is evidence. And I have ran my hands through
those locks suspecting nothing, run my hands through softly, collecting the
ends and letting them cascade back over her fine shoulders.

   The necklace that I gave her. Strange to see that it should be tucked
within her middle drawer and not hanging around her sweet neck the way I
would hang on her every thought.

> x mirror
   Many were the days when she would sit at the stool and stare dolefully
into the mirror, rolling her eyes over the reflection, and working on
sculpting a greater beauty than how it interpreted her.

> x wig
   That's her raven curls, the sheen surely is evidence. And I have ran my
hands through those locks suspecting nothing, run my hands through softly,
collecting the ends and letting them cascade back over her fine shoulders.

> x necklace
   The necklace that I gave her as a token of my love and since that day it
would always hang around her sweet neck the way I would hang on her every
thought. Strange that I should never have noticed the small key that depends
from it.

> x key
   It's a small key attached to her necklace like a pendant, attached tightly
like the moments we would shudder together in the most comforting embrace.

> close top drawer
   Reaching down, I take the drawer's handle and push it away into the recess
like the way she would force a man's intentions back when he meant more than
a dance.

> close middle drawer
   Reaching down, I take the drawer's handle and push it away into the recess
like the way she would force a man's intentions back when he meant more than
a dance.

> close bottom drawer
   Reaching down, I take the drawer's handle and push it away into the recess
like the way she would force a man's intentions back when he meant more than
a dance.

> look under pillow
   Lifting her pillow, almost the way I would lift her chin to search deep in
her eyes, I find her diary asleep in the comfort the pillow offers. Arousing
it from its slumber, I take it in my hands.

> i
I am carrying her diary.

> open diary with key
   Slipping the key into the diary's small lock takes my mind to our sexual
expression: the passion, the excitement, and the sense of discovery.

> read diary
   There is much within its perfumed pages written in her sweet scrawl.
Elaborately detailed are excitable accounts of our romantic exchanges, of our
sexual appetites, and...hold on! What is this? Who is Etienne? And why does
her words allude to him as a partner, as a lover, when it was I that consumed
her heart? And I was with her that very day! Bitch! But my heart says
differently...she was the world to me, the world and more...who was I to her?

> out
   I could never spend another minute in my nay! Emanuelle's room - the
perfume that floats around is no longer innocent but stings the eyes with my
hopeless tears, the beauty that I saw in everything has warped, twisting all
perceptions of her into something more unsaintly.
   She will of course, be sadly missed by someone (maybe her Etienne?) but
not by myself.
   It all means, of couse, that my life must go on but I question in which
direction to take my it: back into love only more suspicious? to live alone
and never have need for love again? or to love everyone but never trust
myself to them? Whatever I do i know that with any resurrection of her
memory, I'm sure I'll smile as I curse her name and everything Emanuelle.
Congratulations!
