Loading game...

Existence
by Abbi Park

You rest alone in a small, broken-down shed.

For years, you have been silent.  People go toward and away from the house in
front of you without so much as acknowledging your presence.  Perhaps they
have forgotten that once, many years ago though it may have been, your family
so dutifully served this dwelling place.

You shudder, remembering the incident that changed your life forever…  You
barely made it out alive, but you were the privileged one.  Your cowardice at
going further allowed you the opportunity to escape.  But your parents, your
siblings… all trapped deep inside the house, unable to get out while they
slowly…  You stop yourself from reliving any more of the experience, not
wanting to regress to that point all over again.  You retreated to this shed
to hide, and your plan seems to have worked.

But you have rested long enough now, and you will be ignored no longer.  Your
family deserves to be remembered.  It is time to take a stand and establish,
once and for all, your legacy in this place.

[Press enter to continue.]

The Shed
This wooden shed seems to have been around much longer than the house it
accompanies.  The roof and walls around you are littered with cracks, the
roof is partially caved in, and the door has been blocked from the outside
for a long time.  No one except you has been in the place recently, and its
emptiness displays what people think of its usefulness.  Your diligence is
the only thing keeping it from being overrun with rats and spiders.

>
Please try something different.

> up
You move up.

Above the Shed
Looking down, you can see the moldy, partially caved-in roof of the shed.
Right in front of you to the north is a small window looking into a room on
the upper floor of the large house.  Oh, the house...  the place your family
once served so well.  It is still standing, to be sure, but the occupants
have most certainly neglected to keep it up to your family's standards.

A small, wispy down feather lies innocently on the roof here.

> north
You move north.

The Upper Room Near the Shed
This is a medium-sized room, with a desk and chair on one side and a floor
fan on the other.

> use fan
Whoosh!  As you near the back of the fan, you find yourself swirling
uncontrollably around, around, around... time seems to slow as you speed
toward the whirring blades... and suddenly you're sucked in, tumbled through,
then spit out on the other side, and the whirring noise cuts out.  You
feel....  a little dizzy.  But quite refreshed, actually.  Maybe even a
little stronger...

> use pencil
Just as you're about to give that pencil the push of its life, the door
swings open, and in walks a person you know must be the child's mother.
Taking note of but ignoring her child's state of rapture, she intones,
"Sammy, it's time to eat.  Wash your hands and then come downstairs."  She
waits for acknowledgement, then smiles and leaves after the child's nod.  The
child, apparently "Sammy", walks through the door, and conveniently leaves it
open wide enough for you to fit through comfortably.  Now if only you could
be sure that door wouldn't shut after you go through it...

[Press a key when you're ready to continue.]

Congratulations!  You've made it through the ADRIFT IntroComp 2009 version of
Existence.

Please send me any feedback you have on the game (so far) at abbi@park.tc.

Thank you for playing, and I hope you enjoyed it!

Abbi Park
