Loading game...

The Final Question

"The question," said Markham, sipping from the glass of dark, red wine, "is
whether or not you will really go through with it or not."
   I looked at him coldly. I didn't drink from my own glass. I didn't touch
my food. I was empty inside. But confident…
   "You think I lack the nerve?" I asked.
   He laughed softly, as if amused at the very idea. "The nerve? No. Never
that. But the desire to see it through…?" Markham shrugged in that way of his
that meant precisely nothing. It was a reflex, a movement of the shoulders
that signified little. "Perhaps. It is, after all, a terrible thing you
propose-"
   "We propose."
   He nodded in acceptance of my correcting him, although we were both aware
who the driving force behind our enterprise was. "Indeed. A terrible thing.
And one that will doubtless have severe repercussions for everyone involved,
yourself more than anyone else. And for what…? Even now, with all the tests
we have carried out, we cannot be certain it will succeed or, even if it
succeeds, that it will be anything we want."

...more...

I could have struck him. The temptation was there. It would have been so
easy. And oh so very satisfying. But I refrained from such coarse and crude
action. I was a man of science, after all, not a commoner to go rolling about
in the mud in a brief and brutal altercation. I was beyond such things.
   "Markham," I said, pushing my meal, untouched, away from me. "I am
determined. I will proceed with the experiment. I will be the first of many."
I took my glass then and drained it in one go. "I will live forever."

...more...

It rises before me, The Machine. How ironic that it is, perhaps, the most
important invention in the history of mankind and yet it lacks so much as a
proper name. The Machine!
   The rest of the room is dark, purposefully. Great power, great energy is
needed to power The Machine and so everything else is dimmed, darkened,
dismal.
   The Machine resembles a gateway for the most part and it is the gateway
that is foremost in my mind as I stand there, waiting with baited breath for
the countdown to commence and for The Machine to activate.
   Markham is hidden to me but I know he is there.

> z
Time passes...

> z
Time passes...

"Still time to back out," calls Markham's voice, hideously magnified by the
device he speaks through. He thinks he sounds like the voice of God when he
speaks like this. I think he sounds like a fool.
   "Don't be absurd."
   "Your choice, Ryder. Countdown commencing."

> z
Time passes...

"… TEN …"

> z
Time passes...

"… NINE …"

> z
Time passes...

"… EIGHT …"

> z
Time passes...

"… SEVEN …"

> z
Time passes...

"… SIX …"

> z
Time passes...

"… FIVE …"

> z
Time passes...

"… FOUR …"

> z
Time passes...

"… THREE …"

> z
Time passes...

"… TWO …"

> z
Time passes...

"… ONE … All ready to go, Ryder. Whenever you're ready."
   Markham does not sound flippant. He sounds almost… respectful. I believe
the import of what we are doing here today has finally reached him. He is
humbled by the prospect of it. Right now, I believe he would swap places with
me if he had the choice. But, of course, that is not an option.

> n
I approach the gateway. Something tugs at my arm and I look down, half
expecting to see someone there. Of course there is nothing. Only…
   I shrug away my misgivings and take another step. I vaguely hear a voice -
it must be Markham's, there is no one else here - saying, "good luck, Anton,"
and then I feel the same tugging sensation as before and something pulls me
into the gateway.

...more...

Several years before…

Anton Ryder sat in the hospital waiting room. He… waited. He supposed that
that was an apt thing to do here and even managed a smile, a small ghastly
thing lacking in anything approaching humour, and immediately felt appalled
with himself for smiling at a time like this.
   My parents…
   He had never been close to his father, a cold, distant and impersonal man
who never cared much for family life and seemed to have married his mother
more out of shame after getting her pregnant than for anything trivial like
love. Anton had watched himself, over the fourth and fifth decades of his
life, grow into his father and he was not pleased.

...more...

He sat… and he waited…
   He already knew what he would be told when the doctor inevitably came to
speak to him. He had seen the car crash on his way to the hospital. That
anyone had survived long enough to have even reached the hospital was a
miracle in itself but no miracle was going to save either of his parents.
   I have so few happy memories. I never threw a ball with my father, never
had stories read to me by my mother. Never…
   His mind drifted to his work. It was still an unformed thing at the
moment. Perhaps, one day, it would have potential. It might make him rich and
famous all at the same time. Or it might damn him. The Church, he was sure,
would condemn him for what he sought to achieve. But…

...more...

He waited…
   He thought about calling Markham but they were business partners, not
friends. He had no friends. He had wanted them as a teenager but had never
been good with friendships, at anything thta required showing warmth or
affection to a fellow human being. He was, he accepted, a cold and somewhat
heartless man who cared little for companionship. But now, right now, when he
sat in the hospital and waited to be told that his parents were dead, he
wished, just for a second, a brief second, that he had a friend to call.
   If my work were complete, none of this would matter. I could save them. I
could…
   His thoughts trailed off as he noticed the doctor, a small dark-skinned
man who looked more like a student visiting the hospital than a real doctor,
standing before him. The expression on his face told Anton all he needed to
know.

...more...

Another time and place...

Several years later...

Markham often comments on the fact that my study perfectly matches my
personality: cold, impersonal and lacking anything that might be considered
frivolous or comical. Though I believe him to be jealous of my standing, I
accede he may well have a point. My study is cold and impersonal and
certainly could never be deemed anything approaching frivolous or comical.
   What is it like? Shall I describe it for you?
   It is a fair size. It has walls, it has floor, it has ceiling, it has a
door. What else, you ask? It has a desk. A wooden fireplace, currently unlit.
A drinks cabinet. A window overlooking a park, although the curtains are
drawn. Thick carpet covers the floor. And what study would be complete
without a shelf of books?

> x theory
I open the book to a marked passage and read:

"…one of mankind's most fervently sought after goals… immortality… either by
means of making oneself invulnerable to physical harm or the halting or
slowing down of the ageing process… certain drugs are known to slow the
process by a minor fraction but these by themselves are not enough… what use
in gaining an extra five or ten or twenty years?... that is not immortality…

> x death
I read:

"…death and life are inextricably entwined… one cannot exist without the
other and in this we have the key... in death we achieve life eternal…"

> x beyond
I open the book. There are several pages highlighted and it is these I turn
to:

"…an empty void or something more?... it was believed by ancient philosophers
that life is one long cycle and that our current life is just one part of
that cycle… they believed that when we died, we are simply reborn in another
body… so in fact we never die… we just go on from life to life, living,
dying, being reborn, to live and die again in an endless cycle… sometimes we
remember our past lives in dreams that make little sense to us because we are
unaware of them consciously… if this is indeed the case, and many believe it
to be so, then the secret of living forever is simply… to die…"

> x final
Much of this book is nothing but dry, scientific prose but there are a couple
of passages I have marked for further reading:

"…great power will of course be required… a gateway must be opened between
our world and the world beyond and the energy necessary for such a thing
would be astronomical… perhaps it cannot be done but in this modern age of
computers and space craft, I believe it can be achieved… all that is
required, once the gateway is opened, is for the participant to step
through…"

I close the book and consider everything I have learned, everything I have
discovered.

Immortality: the greatest prize that exists. Can it be achieved? Can a mortal
man become immortal?

Or is that the province of the Gods? Are us lesser beings restricted to our
three score years and ten and thus to wither and die?

"No," I say. "We are not."

I will achieve immortality. I am ready.

...more...

… bright flashing lights…

… voices screaming in pain and anguish…

… falling… i am falling…

… a tunnel…

… a scream of agony…

… my thoughts torn from me…

… darkness now…

… my flight slowing…

… i…

...more...

I CAN SEE AGAIN! OH MY GOD I CAN SEE!

I CAN...

...more...

And there ends The Final Question

> quit
Do you really want to quit? [Y/N]
