Loading game...

First Day
You are Player , an average four foot tall, short dark hair, and hazel eyed,
10 year old.  The alarm beeps loudly and you jolt out of bed. You are nervous
and excited all at the same time. You have to get dressed, eat breakfast, and
get to the bus stop on time.  If you need a hint on what to do, just type
HINT. Or if a hint isn't available, type INFO. Please type READ ME first.
Please enter your name:

> Petter
Please choose the player's gender (male or female):

> male

Bedroom
This is your bedroom, that you share with you bratty little brother.
Surprisingly, your room is clean. Mom made you clean it last night, so you'd
have more time to play after school. You share a bunk bed with Shane, and you
were lucky enough to win the top bunk in a coin toss.  You are lucky on
account of you have a tv, and a ton of toys in your room, which are kept in a
cabinet, along with your school uniforms.  Shane is here.  You can only move
north.

> open cabinet
You open the cabinet.  Your toys and your uniform are inside the cabinet.

> get uniform
You take your uniform from the cabinet.

> get dressed
You put on your dull looking uniform, and are now dressed for school.

> e
You move east.

Living Room
This is your living room. It is large and roomy, and holds a couch, a chair,
an entertainment center, and  a coffee table. The carpet is a plush cream
color, and Mom has a fit if you spill anything on it. Your parents room is to
the south, but you are not allowed to go in there.  You can move north and
west.

> n
You move north.

Dining room
This is the small room north of the living room, where you family gathers for
dinner There is a dinette here and some chairs.  You can move south and west.

> w
You move west.

Kitchen
The kitchen is small, but comfortable. There are a few cupboards, a stove,
refrigerator, and a table for preparing food.  You can only move east.

> open refrigerator
You open the refrigerator.  A gallon of milk is inside the refrigerator.

> get milk
You take a gallon of milk from the refrigerator.

> look at table
The sturdy table is made from wood, and is near the back door.  Mom usually
uses the table when she has to cut vegetables up to make salad, or something.
 On the Kitchen table are a cereal bowl, a spoon and a box of Frooties.

> take bowl
You take a cereal bowl from the Kitchen table.

> take spoon
You take a spoon from the Kitchen table.

> take box of Frooties
You take a box of Frooties from the Kitchen table.

> pour cereal in bowl
You pour yourself a nice big bowl of Frooties. You can feel your stomach
growl, and a rumble travels across your belly.

> pour milk in bowl
You pour the milk in the bowl, and watch as the Frooties begin to float to
the rim of the bowl.

> e
You move east.

Dining room
This is the small room north of the living room, where you family gathers for
dinner There is a dinette here and some chairs.  You can move south and west.

> eat breakfast
You chow down on the large bowl of Frooties you prepared for yourself. You
dive your spoon in over and over, until you finally get to the bottom of the
bowl. Now that you ate all the cereal, you pick the bowl up and slurp the
sugar logged  milk at the bottom of the bowl. MMM!

> s
You move south.

Living Room
This is your living room. It is large and roomy, and holds a couch, a chair,
an entertainment center, and  a coffee table. The carpet is a plush cream
color, and Mom has a fit if you spill anything on it. Your parents room is to
the south, but you are not allowed to go in there.  You can move north, east
and west.

> e
You move east.

Front yard
This is your front yard. The fresh cut green grass is worn in spots where you
and your brother play with your wrestling set. There is a patio table and
some chairs. Dad likes to barbecue every weekend, so his grill is here too.
You can move east and west.

> e
You move east.

On the side walk
You are on the sidewalk in front of your house. You can see your house to the
west, and to the southwest is your nasty neighbors house, you stay away from
there ever since the lady and your mom had an argument over trash. The trash
didn't have anything to do with garbage. It's funny how adults can still act
like children.  You can move south and west.

> s
You move south.

In front of the Neighbor's house
You walk along the front of the neighbors house,  tapping the fence as you
go. The house is surrounded by a  small, old, and badly in need of repair,
chain link fence. Th house itself is red brick, and a white covered porch
lies to the front of the house.  You can move north and south.

> s
You move south.

At the Bus Stop
You are standing at the bus stop. Is is on the south side of your neighbor's
house. Thankfully they leave early, so you don't have to worry about them.
The area you are standing in is covered with dirt  and pebbles. There is a
yellow fire hydrant on the corner. And several children are here waiting for
the bus.  You can only move north.

> quit
Do you really want to quit? [Y/N]
