Loading game...

The book of Fistandantalus
 You are Dalamar Nightson.  You have traveled far and wide to find the
ultimate magical power.  You think you might of found it.  About 1000 years
ago there lived a great mage.  His name was fistandantalus.  With his death
there is rumored to be a book that has all his magic spells in it.  It if
fabled to be in his old tower.  Thats where you are. May luck be with you.

> north
You move north.
 This room is filled with all kinds of wepons long sience rusted. Swords,
Axes, Sheilds, and Spears line the many racks.  This was so solders had ready
accsess to wepons in case of attack.  It looks as if there is a button on the
north wall that you just barely saw with your much keener elven eyes.  There
are no exits

> push button
A door appears to the west.  No doubt this trap was made to keep visitors
from where they wern't wanted.

> west
You move west.
This passage smells of old protection spells and dried rose petals.  Normal
for a former mages tower. There is another door to the west or you can go
east back to the armory.

> west
You move west.
This room was used to host guest when the tower was in service. The walls are
plan grey stone bricks and strangly there are no windows in this guest room.
The walls also have some mold on them. There is an empty chest and a bed in
the corner. You can go north or you can go east back to the armory.

> north
You move north.
 This looks much like the last room.This room was used to host guest when the
tower was in service. The walls are plan grey stone bricks and strangly there
are no windows in this guest room. The walls also have some mold on them.
There in the corner is a bed  and a chest.  There seems to be some money on
the chest and a note. There are exits to the south and the north.

Also here is 500 gold and old note.

> take gold
You pick up 500 gold.

> read old note
I am wirting this so everybody knows that I got the book of fistandantalus.
I am just going to go get some money from the library that I found in a back
room and then I will go get the book. Well this will be my last moment as a
lowly yong mage.  See ya in the marrow.  Signed Tanis half-elven

> north
You move north.
This room looks much like the last two.  A bed and desk in the corner moldy
walls ect... There is an exit to the east, north  or to the south back to the
last Quarters room.

> east
You move east.
This hallway connects the quarters with the rest of the tower.  The walls are
grey moldy brick stone. There is a small window on either side of the
hallway. As you look out those windows you can see the startling wonderful
courtyard with fine green grass and flowers.  Funny you though no one lived
in this tower.There is an exit to the east and back to the west.
Just as your looking back into the hallway you notice an old man in the
corner.

> ask old man about the book of fistandantalus
 Hello my name is Rastlin Majiere. Yes the book well maybe I should start
from the beginning.  I am a grandson of the great Fistandantalus.  Yes is it
really that shocking to belive that he had kids.  Well I am his great great
great great (well you get the idea) grandson.  I am the sole caretaker of
this tower.  I do not long for the book of my ansestor.  But there have been
others that have come here to find it but all of them failed never coming
back. Let me warn you of one thing though.  Don't get greeding.  My ansetor
fistandantalus hated greed more than anything.  If you are greedy in your
journy to find the book I assure you it will be the death of you. Well now I
must go tend the gardens good-day and may you have the best of luck.

> east
You move east.
This is a huge library.  There are 15ft tall shelves as far as the eye can
see.  This is a truley marvalous collection of books.  The dust of ages has
all but destroyed the book.  There are many butiful tapastrys lineing the
walls.  Telling tales of great mage battles and not so great ones.  They
depicted how magic has shaped the face of history. There are exits to the
east and back west to the hallway.

> east
You move east.
This was clearly a kitchen.  There are about 5 stoves and countless numbers
of cookware.  There is still some freash bread and some turkey and the
stoves.  Clearly Rastlin Majiere cooks for himslef. There is an exit to the
morth and west back to the library.

Also here is fresh bread and fresh  turkey.

> north
You move north.
This is a storage room for all the food.  It is mostly barren. The cobwebs
have certainly taken over in this room and there seems to be a very thick
layer of dust on the floor.  You see a few rats scurry into there holes as
you walk in. There is a chest in the corner and a note at your feet. The only
exit is back where you came from.

Also here is old  note and old  chest.

> read old note
When you open the chest  your real test to see if your worthy of my book will
begin.  I am sure the caretaker whoever he might be gave you some sound
advice.

> open chest
you wake dizzy and comfused.  You are in a small room looks the same as the
others.  There is an exit to the west and a chest.  I wonder what that note
ment about "now your real test begins".  Also I wonder why the Caretaker said
that being greedy would kill me but to get the book I shouldn't be greedy.

> west
You move west.
This was once the labratory of the great Fistandantalus.  Now it is barran.
All of  a sudden a gost appers!  " Do not be alarmed.  I am fistandantalus.
You have proven your self worthy of this book.  Tell the caretaker that I
appreciate his help.  Now that I have someone to restart my studies with this
book I can rest in peace.  Thank you so very much." As he vanashied a book
appears on a barran table.

Also here is old book.

> take book
You pick up old book.

> read book
Congradulations you have won the game. I couldn't make some things work so
this had to be the ending.  Please e-mail me at badreligion25@hotmail.com to
tell me what you tought of the game pelase I would really appreciate it
thanks.

> quit
Do you really want to quit? [Y/N]
