Loading game...

Mr. Fluffykin's Most Harrowing Misadventure

by Justahack

02.07.09
v. 1.0

                          more...

Introduction

        It's Mr. Fluffykins' first day at Bearlymentary school. All
throughout the week, Mr. Fluffykins' has been looking forward to attending
his first day at school and is quite excited when the day finally arrives.
However, much to his dismay, Mama bear is out hunting for salmon in the local
river, and can't accompany Mr. Fluffykins to school. Furthermore, Mr.
Fluffykins' father hasn't been around since Mr. Fluffykins' was but two days
old. So, it's up to you to help the little bear cub make sure he doesn't miss
his first day at school.
more...

Game Play
        The story is laid out in a style reminiscent of the "Choose your own
adventure" genre; Specifically a children's book, with a satirical touch.
Throughout the story, as Mr. Fluffykins journeys to his schoolhouse, he will
be presented with scenarios in which he will need your help to make important
decisions. The scene will unfold in front for the reader, and at the bottom
of each scene are possible choices. To make a choice, you simply type "turn
to page ..." where the appropriate response pages are listed. There's nothing
more to it than that. Enjoy!
more...

A Dark, Damp Cave
Ahh, this warm cozy hovel is the home to Mama bear and her son, Mr.
Fluffykins. While it might look dark and damp, Mr. Fluffykins feels as snug
as a bug in a rug in here. It looks to be a warm day outside, so Mr.
Fluffykins shouldn't have to contend with any bad weather. Mr. Fluffykins
finishes eating his breakfast of freshly picked berries and a partially eaten
fast food burger, both scavenged for him by Mama bear earlier in the week.
Once breakfast was finished, Mr. Fluffykins checked to make sure his shiny
red backpack held everything he would need for the day.

"Let's see," said Mr. Fluffykins "bottle of prazacmins, roll of double soft
paper, and a box of red herrings." Satisfied he had everything he would be
needing for the trip, Mr. Fluffykins zipped up his shiny red backpack.

"Looks like I'm all prepared to go to school!" said Mr. Fluffykins in an
excited monologue. "I better hurry, I don't want to be late for my first day
at school!" With those parting words, Mr. Fluffykins dashed outside the cave
on all fours.

Turn to page 24 to start your journey.

> turn to page 24
At Silver Smoke River

At a comfortable trot, Mr. Fluffykins padded east through the forest towards
the schoolhouse. Ten uneventful minutes went by, before Mr. Fluffykins
suddenly realized something was amiss. "Oh, no!" said Mr. Fluffykins. "I
might be late for school!" Mr. Fluffykins knew this to be true from a "gut
feeling." In actuality, this "gut feeling" was really Mr. Fluffykins'
circadian ryhthmn. The circadian rythmn is a biochemical mechanism that
animals have to regulate time. With this sobering piece of information, Mr.
Fluffykins trotted faster east towards the forest. However, Mr. Fluffykins
soon had to stop when he came across a familiar site: Silver Smoke River.

The water looked cold and uninivting to Mr. Fluffykins. It's swift and
ferocious currents giving the impression that anything caught in it would be
swept down stream for a good long ways. At that moment, Mr. Fluffykins was
reminded of what Mama bear had told him in the past.

***

"Mr. Fluffykins," said Mama bear, standing in front of her son on two
powerful hind legs. Mr. Fluffykins turns to look curiously at Mama bear. "The
river," continued Mama bear, "is very dangerous. You should never try to swim
across it."

"Urrhhraooggggrrrg" replied Mr. Fluffykins in a very undecipherable manner.
Mama bear had forgotten that Mr. Fluffykins was still a two month old cub and
hadn't developed his vocal chords yet.
more...

***

"Hmm!" Mr. Fluffykins said to himself. "I remember Mama bear warning me about
this river, but ... if I don't swim across the river, I might be late for
school!" As Mr. Fluffykins pondered this dillema, he furrowed his eyes in
deep concentration. Just then, unbeknowst to Mr. Fluffykins, a small bear cub
wearing a shiny white backpack was swept down the river towards its doom.

After a few moments, Mr. Fluffykins gave a sigh of uncertainty. "Gee, I just
don't know what to do!"

Turn to page 9, if you think Mr. Fluffykins should find another way across
the river.
If you don't think Mr. Fluffykins can afford to dawdle, turn to page 18.

> turn to page 9
At Silver Smoke River

"I better not take any chances, or I might be really late!" Mr. Fluffykins
said seriously. The small bear cub sniffed around and spotted a plot
convenient fallen tree which was spanning the banks of the river. Mr.
Fluffykins marveled at his good luck and scampered over towards the large
piece of wood.

Carefully, Mr. Fluffykins hopped onto the makeshift bridge and started to
walk over the raging river below. Mr. Fluffykins stared below for a few
moments and watched as the water churned angrily as if furious being denied a
potential victim. Within a few minutes, Mr. Fluffykins was able to cross the
bridge without incident and continued on his way to the schoolhouse, proud
that he had remembered what Mama bear. It wasn't soon after that Mr.
Fluffykins continued on his trip that he began to daydream what his first day
at school would be like: Meeting new bear cubs, eating honey from honey jars,
and ... perhaps learning new things.

Mr. Fluffykins' daydreaming was soon interrupted, however, by a strange sight
in the middle of the forest.

A Small Clearing In The Forest

In the middle of a clearing stood a short young woman, garbed in oddly
coloured robes with her back to Mr. Fluffykins. The young woman had pink
hair, which Mr. Fluffykins found quite intriguing. In front of the woman, Mr.
Fluffykins could see a very strange looking drawing on the forest floor. It
glowed a soft pink light, and seemed to be almost beckoning Mr. Fluffykins
towards it.
more...

The young woman turned around suddenly and smiled directly at Mr. Fluffykins.
"Hello, little bear. My name is Tcheera. Warlock of power. What's your name?"
At that moment, Mr. Fluffykins was reminded of something Mama bear once told
him.

***

"Mr. Fluffykins," Mama bear said sternly in his somewhat fuzzy memory.
"Strangers. We do not talk to them. Especially the pink haired ..."

Mr. Fluffykins pawed at his head trying to remember the rest. Darn. He
forgot. Was it something about a brown haired girl? The young woman giggled
and walked slowly over towards him.

Turn to page 12, if Mr. Fluffykins should continue on his journey.
If you don't think there is any harm in chatting, turn to page 23.

> turn to page 12
A Small Clearing In The Forest

Mr. Fluffykins knew better than to talk to strangers, and with nose upturned
began padding along the path towards the schoolhouse. The pink haired Warlock
sighed and with a trembling lower lip mumbled, "Oh ... ok. Well, maybe we can
play tomorrow?"

In From The Cat Lady's House

Continuing on the path to the wonderful schoolhouse, Mr. Fluffykins soon came
across a woman who was attending her one-hundred and one cats with polka dots
in front of her house. It was the Cat Lady. As the Cat Lady finished laying
out trays of food for her many cats, she caught sight of Mr. Fluffykins and
waved him over. "Ohh, my dear! It's the little baby bear who's name I don't
recall!" Mr. Fluffykins remembered that Mama bear was friends with the Cat
Lady, and thus the rule of not talking to strangers did not apply to the Cat
Lady.

Mr. Fluffykins stopped on the path to the schoolhouse and wandered cautiously
over towards to the Cat Lady. "Such a good baby bear ..." the Cat Lady
whispered soothingly as she patted Mr. Fluffykins on the head. "How are you
today, little bear? Are you going to school?" Mr. Fluffykins nodded in reply.

"That's so cute. Say, would you like some treats? I have some left over from
feeding my many wonderful cats." The Cat Lady plucked a treat from a opaque
plastic bag she kept around her waist, and handed it to Mr. Fluffykins. Just
then Mr. Fluffykins was reminded something Mama bear had always warned him.
more...

***

"Mr. Fluffykins" said a somewhat fuzzy Mama bear from Mr. Fluffykins weak
memory. "You must never take candy from a stranger." Mama bear looked down at
Mr. Fluffykins in a stern manner. "Yes, Mama" replied Mr. Fluffykins.

"That goes double," continued Mama bear. "for strangers that offer you candy
from a van with blacked out windows." Mr. Fluffykins nodded. "Yes, Mama."

***

As Mr. Fluffykins pondered this recollected memory fragment, he glanced up
past the Cat Lady and spotted a van with blacked out windows parked next to
the Cat Lady's house. Mr. Fluffykins was confused. Technically, the Cat Lady
wasn't a complete stranger. Afterall, she was friends with Mama bear.
However, Mr. Fluffykins knew next to nothing about the Cat Lady.

"Gee ... I don't know" drawled Mr. Fluffykins. "What should I do?"

If Mr. Fluffykins should keep trotting along to school, turn to page 13.
Turn to page 19, if Mr. Fluffykins should take some candy instead.

> turn to page 13
Near The School House

"Well, I think I really need to go to school Ms. Cat Lady, so I'm going to
head off now! Bye!" smiled Mr. Fluffykins as he started trotting off towards
the schoolhouse despite The Cat Lady's objections. With that, Mr. Flufykins
swiftly disappeared into the forest foliage before The Cat Lady could do
anything more to change his mind.

Soon afterwards, Mr. Fluffykins spotted the schoolhouse's smokey chimney in
the far distance. It wouldn't be long now! thought Mr. Fluffykins. Soon, all
his dreams of making new friends, eating all the honey he could desire, and
possibly learning new things would come true! With the end in sight, Mr.
Fluffykins hurried faster to school, eager to not be late his first day.

It wasn't but a few steps that suddenly, Mr. Fluffykins started feeling that
all too familiar excitement in all four of his paws. "Uh oh!" Mr. Fluffykins
gasped, his eyes growing wide in panic and limbs trembling with unbridled
energy. He felt a sudden, and odd burst of energy come deep from within. This
wasn't due to his enthusiasm and prospect of attending his first day of
school. No, Mr. Fluffykins knew that much for sure. Rather, this strange
sensation was the all too familiar symptons of what Mama bear had dubbed
BBADS - Bad Bear Attention Dyficiency Syndrome.

The jitteriness began spreading throughout Mr. Fluffykins' body as he felt
the sudden need to do cartwheels and run around aimlessly throughout the
woods. "No!" Mr. Fluffykins mentally protested. "I have to stay focused ...
must ... get ... to ... school!"
more...

Suddenly, Mr. Fluffykins remembered something. Mama bear usually put a bottle
of Prozacamins in his backpack for just these sorts of "incidents."
Hurriedly, Mr. Fluffykins unslung his backpack and rummaged through the
contents, finding the clinical looking bottle after a bit of frantic
searching.

"Ah ha!" yelled Mr. Fluffykins with a slight touch of predatorial triumph.
"I've got you now, pills!"

Turn to page 5, if you want to take your prozacamins.
To skip them, turn to page 7.

> turn to page 5
Outside The School House

Mr. Fluffykins quickly attempted to open the bottle with his somewhat sharp
claws, only to be foiled when he realized the bottle was meant to be open by
creatures with opposable thumbs. "Arghh!" the little bear cub yelled in
impotent anger and frustration. Mr. Fluffykins suddenly bit into the plastic
bottle with his sharp teeth and ruptured the contents onto the forest floor.

Mr. Fluffykins hurriedly consumed the little white pills and almost
immediately began to feel himself grow more focused again. "Ahh, so much
better!" Mr. Fluffykins said as he felt his extra energy begin to abate.

After taking a moment to collect himself, Mr. Fluffykins continued in the
direction of the schoolhouse.

***
At The School Yard

It was everything Mr. Fluffykins had imagined. A school yard full of other
bear cubs, playing and chasing each other before school started and having
loads of fun.

"Why, hello there!" said a large, greying bear. "You must be Mr. Fluffykins.
I was expecting you! Welcome to your first day at school. I'm Mr. Yogi."
more...

"Nice to meet you, Yogi bear!" said Mr. Fluffykins, excitedly. "My, such a
polite young bear." smiled Yogi. The teacher then spotted a few other cubs
behaving mischevously. "Mr. Fluffykins, put your backpack down and go play
with the other bear cubs. School won't start for a few more minutes." Yogi
then dashed off to reprimand the offending bear cubs. "Ok!" Mr. Fluffykins
agreed emphatically, marching off to deposit his backpack somewhere safe.

Yogi bear hurried off to a small bear cub which seemed to be carrying a human
baby by the scruff of its baby clothes. An embroidered name was stitched onto
the front of the baby's clothes, and read, "Mowgli."

"No, Jeffries," frowned Yogi bear at a small bear looking back up at him
innocently. "We do not eat humans. Return the human cub at once." said Yogi
bear sternly. Yogi then spotted another trouble maker. "Boo-Boo! please
return that picnic basket. How many times is that this week?" sighed Yogi.

All in all, Mr. Fluffkins went on to have a wonderful first day at school. A
memory which went on to live in his heart for fifteen long grand years. Until
the State of Kentucky repealed its ban on large game hunting. But that's for
another story.

Congratulations, Mr. Fluffykins! And you too, reader!

> quit
Do you really want to quit? [Y/N]
