Loading game...

The Fly Human
My life literally started on the garbage heap and like most of my kind,
should have ended there.  My own desire for something more that the dried out
wastes did me in.  How was I to know that this was the end of a normal
existance?  This is my story from the beginning...  may this never happen to
you!

Garbage Heap
Many piles of waste material from the human world scattered around.  My clan
hovering and searching for sources of food in the debris.  Immediately around
me are pieces of plastic and glass crushed into a dried out and barren land.
The only sources of nutrition are a soup can and the only intact bottle of
pop in the area.

> ne
Quickly I fly up and head toward a fence.  Food must be over it somewhere!

Back Yard
The old brown fence blocks the human view of the garbage dump.  What is of
more interest is the picnic table!  The rusty grill next to the table is too
hot to approach and does not have any food anyways.  A white house with an
open window toward the back yard leads to a possibility of other food
sources.

> enter window
The backyard has lost its appeal.  With discretion I fly through the window
and into the human kitchen.

Kitchen
Darn!  The place is spotless!  Except... I spy with my compound eye something
that begins with "S"!  Some refined sugar is spilled on a counter and wonder
of wonders, cookie crumbs!

> north
I beat a hasty retreat and fly north through the open door.  The woman slams
the door shut behind me - thank goodness!

Garage
Ugh.  I can feel the dryness of the room - nothing to eat here.  An old car
sits in the middle of the room with the driver's door open.

> enter car
I succumb to temptation and enter the car.  No sooner than I do when a
younger male human enters the car also and closes the door.  He punches
something on the roof of the car and the garage door opens.  Then he procedes
to turn on some loud music - so loud the back window vibrates.  While I try
to find somewhere to land away from the rear of the vehicle, the male starts
the car up and drives out the garage.

Inside Car
The vibration of the music keeps me from landing on the back window or ledge.
 I have limited choices: the three remaining windows (driver's, front,
passenger), the dashboard, or the passenger seat.

> sit on passenger window
The window offers a respite from the flaying hands.  The human says
"finally!" and causes the window to open.  Who am I to argue with the
opportunity?  Off I fly out.

After a short hunt, I find a window open to a basement of a warehouse like
building.  Good, no spider webs (I shudder just thinking about it).

Outside Basement Window
The outside world so far has been disappointing.  Looking inside the basement
I see an open chamber with wires and pipes connected to it.  For some reason
I think it may have food in it.

> enter window
What the heck.  I fly off into the basement and enter the chamber.  Nirvana!

Chamber
Covering the walls, ceiling, and floor are splatters of blood and meat.  A
paradise of food!

> wait
Time passes...
While I am indulging myself, the chamber closes with me inside.  Who cares,
I'm in heaven!
The pain!  I feel as if I am turning inside out!  For the first time ever my
eyesight fails me!
The next thing I know, I'm inside a glass jar with an airtight lid.

Jar
Smooth clean glass.  The wall distorts the view of the world outside of it.
What's odd is how I see the glass - as if I have lost all but two of my
compound eyes.
I'm puzzled by my vision.  I try to use clean my eyes but see human like
limbs.  I try to twitch my antenna and find those limbs move in response.  in
fear I attempt to fly but feel my back hurting.

Oh my...  I've turned into a micro human!
A distorted human face looks in at me.  Something about it's skin reminds me
about what my exterior used to be.  I feel the jar being carried, then I am
dumped from it into a large glass cage.

Terrarium
This room is now my home.  The human that dumped me in here had changed into
a large fly and was killed by other humans.  A female human looks after me
and keeps me fed.  My tastes have changed, and I know that I have lived
longer than any of my former relatives.  Still... I guess this is the end.

> quit
Do you really want to quit? [Y/N]
