Loading game...

The Forest House

Forest House
[A Text Adventure Mini-Game, v.2]
Originally Written for the ADRIFT Ectocomp
(c)2007 Seciden Mencarde

Press a key to begin...

The house in the forest has always evoked a strange desire in your heart. Not
once have you considered it beautiful, inviting, or even pleasant, but you
have been drawn to it since childhood. This night you are going to the house.

Why night? Any vigilant man, woman, or child would scoff at this idea. But
given that the house only appears at night, this is your only choice.

You see that house tonight in the moonlit forest. It invites you again,
calling to you like a friend in trouble. This time, you're going to help.
This time, nothing will stop you.

But you must be aware of your elder sister and your parents who wake at the
slightest disturbance. They do not understand how you can see the house and
they cannot. It makes little difference whether they can see it since you
can. But if they catch you - a child of twelve years - are sneaking out to
explore some imaginary house in the woods, they will certainly punish you.
And punishment is something you try to avoid.

> turn on lamp
You turn on the lamp, illuminating your room.

> open dresser
You open the dresser.  Inside the dresser is the socks, the thick sweater and
mother's desk key.

> take socks
You take the socks from the dresser.

> take sweater
You take the thick sweater from the dresser.

> take key
You take mother's desk key from the dresser.

> wear socks
You put on the socks.

> north
You move north.

Your House / The Hallway
This main connecting area of your house leads southward to your room and
westward to your sister's room. Her door is shut, as usual. You don't
understand how she can sleep that way. To the north is the kitchen, just
beyond your parents' room to the northeast. Their door lies open.

> north
You move north.
The socks cushion your steps as you tiptoe over the normally creaky
floorboards. You make it to the kitchen without a sound, but stop to listen
for any rustling in your parents' room. You hear a sound, but it is only a
snore.

Your House / The Kitchen
The kitchen is full of the appliances you would expect. The stove and oven
are set into the eastern wall, the dishwasher to the south. The cabinets are
full of pots and pans, dishes and silverware, but a drawer on the west side
contain your mother's collection of office supplies. She keeps them here for
anyone to take. Southward is the hallway leading back into the danger zone,
past your parents' bedroom. A door to the west leads to the back yard.

> unlock desk with key
You unlock mother's desk with mother's desk key.

> open desk
You open mother's desk.  The flashlight and a new battery are inside mother's
desk.

> take flashlight
You take the flashlight from mother's desk.

> take new battery
You take the new battery from mother's desk.

> open flashlight
You open the flashlight.  A dead battery is inside the flashlight.

> take dead battery from flashlight
You take the dead battery from the flashlight.

> put new battery in flashlight
You put the new battery inside the flashlight.

> close flashlight
You close the flashlight.

> turn on flashlight
You turn on the flashlight, illuminating the area about you.

> open kitchen door
You open the kitchen door.

> west
You move west.

Your House / Back Porch
The small cement porch here features two chairs looking out into the woods
which lie west of here. Your parents spend their free time out here chatting
over drinks, gazing out into the woods. Parents are so boring. You're usually
out near the edge of the woods swinging your stick around.

Next to one of the chairs is a glass your father must have forgotten out
here.  The long stick that you pretend is a sword lies against the wall next
to the kitchen door.

> take stick
You take the long stick.

> wear sweater
You put on the thick sweater.

> west
You move west.

Outside / Edge of the Woods
You can see both your house and the mysterious forest house from here but a
long wall of thorns blocks your travel westward. If you had some kind of
tool, you could probably navigate the thorns safely. Then again, you might be
able to push through them.

> west
You move west.
You slash your way through the thorn bushes with your sword-stick, the few
spare thorns brushing against your sweater and failing to penetrate. After
some time you reach the forest floor unharmed.

Outside / In the Woods
You stand before the house in the woods now, the hill of thorn bushes behind
you to the east. The front doorway of the house lies at the top of three
stone stairs. Its door is missing entirely; not even hinges remain. A lot of
the trees around the house work their way into and out of it as if it is not
even there.

> north
You move north.

Woods House / Foyer
The air in here seems thicker, blurred somehow, but you still breathe
regularly. The ceiling lies two floors above you, covering both this foyer
and the mezzanine at the top of the stairs. Wide openings around the grand
stairs lead deeper into the house, but gaping holes in the floor prevent your
passage in either direction. The stairs, however, are still in prime
condition. Up them you can see a pair of doorways. The exit lies south.

> up
You move up.

Woods House / Mezzanine
The dust in the air almost chokes you at this height. The open hallway here
is closed by a rickety railing on the south side. You will have to watch your
step here: a lot of the wood is decayed and full of holes. Two doors lie open
from here, one to the east and one to the west.

> west
Woods House / Playroom
A long time ago, children had no video games. You have been generally
appalled at this idea, but the room in which you stand shows evidence of
such. The centerpiece of the room is a magnificent rocking horse. A doorway
to the mezzanine lies east.

Scattered wooden blocks in one corner must have entertained some child long,
long ago.
As you enter, the rocking horse begins tilting back and forth on its own. You
comfort yourself with the thought that it was just the floor vibrating under
your weight...

> examine horse
Most of the paint has faded and chipped away, but that which is left still
gives honor to the craftsmen who carved the masterpiece.  The forest house
key is on the rocking horse.

> take forest house key
You take the forest house key from the rocking horse.

> east
You move east.

Woods House / Mezzanine
The dust in the air almost chokes you at this height. The open hallway here
is closed by a rickety railing on the south side. You will have to watch your
step here: a lot of the wood is decayed and full of holes. Two doors lie open
from here, one to the east and one to the west.

> east
You move east.

Woods House / Bedroom
The dilapidated remnants of this room remind you of your own some hundred
years in the future. The rusted frame of a bed with a few remaining decayed
feathers lies against the south wall. Next to it is an upturned dresser, most
of the drawers having long turned to dirt which covers the floor. The open
door to the west leads into the mezzanine.  Another door to the north is
closed.

> unlock door with forest house key
You unlock the door with the forest house key.

> open door
You open the door.

> north
You move north.

Woods House / Bathroom
The thick air continues here but all of the objects in the room are
surrounded with an aura of strange clarity. A sink is installed in one
corner, a mirror above it. The rusted toilet is in another corner opposite a
small tub. South of here is the bedroom.

> examine mirror
The mirror is covered in dust. You wipe the dust away with your sleeve,
slowly uncovering your own reflection. You don't see the moon through the
doorway. Instead, a dark spot covers the area of the mirror reflecting over
your shoulder. You rub this away and stare.
A figure is in the doorway, the silhouette of a man against the moonlight.
You find that you cannot move, not even to take your hand down from the
mirror. The figure lets out a groan and you hear it take a step. In the
mirror, its head tilts to the side and its eyes begin to glow...

The moonlight steadily grows brighter as the figure continues to step
forward. You find it blinding and, still unable to move, force your eyes shut
before you lose them.

When the light fades, you open your eyes and find yourself facing a tree. The
sun is shining in the sky. Your father, standing behind you, says, "You've
gone far enough, son."
You turn to face him. He has his head tilted to the side and one knee
forward. "Far enough?" you repeat, not understanding.
"You're almost on the neighbors' land now. Let's go back to the porch."
You nod and take your father's hand.

Sunlight? Did your imagination really take so much control? Seems you'll
never know...

You scored 13 out of the maximum 12!
That is 108% of the game!
You finished -1 points short.
