Loading game...

Forum

25th June 2003. The day it ended.

It started with a seemingly innocent message, entitled 'HELLO!!! I AM A
NEWBIE PLZ HELP!!!!!'. Drifters around the world, being the kind souls that
they are, clicked on the title, eager to help, but little did they know the
devestating impact it would have. This message contained a high-level
encryption virus, designed to initiate when viewed, triggering the largest
catastrophe in the ADRIFT community to date (not including the uploading of
Death Agency, obviously). In hundreds of homes throughout the globe, an
electric ray was emmited out of the monitor, penetrating the brains of
drifters, and turning them into mutant-slaves, being remotely controlled by
the super-being that created the virus in the first place. This was surely
the end for ADRIFT... or was it?

While this had all been taking place, you, Bob the Newbie, had been off for a
pleasant camping holiday on the Upper Slopes of Mongolia. This is why you
missed the blast, and came back to your laptop days later to see the
startling effect it had. So resolute to the core, you decide to save the
ADRIFT community, and embark upon... FORUM.

... press any key ...

ADRIFT Forum
This is a vast grid of dazzling green lines on a black background, stretching
out to infinity. Words and fragments of text whizz past you in the air at
high-speed, trailing columns of digits and symbols. Frames and half-rendered
creatures prowl on the edge of your vision, digitized whispers rebounding
through your brain. Sparks and pinpoint of light shine far in the distance,
winking on and off randomly. Some kind of digital pathway leads north.

You shiver involuntarily, as a tall, shimmering figure appears before you. He
is completely hooded, and wears a long dark cloak that stretches to the
ground. When he speaks, he remains looking down, and you don't so much hear
the words as you do feel them.

Bob, he intones, You are the only one that can save the Forum. The drifters
are now monsters of their former selves - it is your job to battle past them,
and destroy the source of all this destruction - the person who created the
virus.

He lifts up a cloaked hand, which clutches an enormous rubber hand. Take
this, he says, passing you the hand, You know what to do with it - I find a
good smack on the cheek is the best tactic. You will find the first of your
trials to the north. Good luck, Bob - I will be watching over you.

And with that, he is gone.

>
>It is a huge, bright yellow hand, slightly chubby and similar to the sort of
thing you see amongst crowds at football matches. Ideal for smacking.

>You step onto the path, and immediately dissapear, your body dissolving into
fragments suspended in the air for a fleeting moment, before being whisked
away on the breeze, into complete darkness. After a moment, light clouds your
vision, and you observe your new surroundings.

>The altar is made of a retangular block of wood, and faces the fire.  A glass
bowl is on the wooden altar.

>You take the glass bowl from the wooden altar.

>Time passes...

>Time passes...

A sudden noise at the doorway makes you glance up in alarm. A small figure is
highlighted against the doorway. His bowl haircut, and brown robes give him
away immediately. He is the mutilated Mad Monk.

He staggers towards you, gurgling incoherently, and living up to his name.
You glimpse his face in the firelight, and gasp. Green and hideous, he wears
an expression of hate and disgust, advancing. You'd better act quickly.

>You thrust the bowl of holy water at Monk, the liquid splashing over his head
and body. An expression of bliss crosses his face, and the green tinge to it
dissapears. He shakes himself off, and smiles at you.

'Phew... thanks alot, Bob,' he gasps, 'I'd better warn you, though - Ds490 is
patrolling the corridor just out of here, and he does not look happy. I
suggest you use these on him. Combined with that smacking hand you've got
there, you should stand a pretty good chance against him. Good luck!'

He waves, then vanishes.

>You put on the pair of wooden clogs.

>You step out of the room into a short corridor.

>The clogs shielding your feet from the fiery coals, you cross the pile of
them, making your way to the room the other side. You finally reach safety,
and look around at the room in apprehension.

The Second Trial - Circular Chamber
The corridor opens out into a circular chamber, which has the effect of
seeming much bigger than it really is. A small, bare door is in the northern
surface of the bricked wall, while the corridor leads back east, past the
coals, to outisde the Temple.

Sitting in the middle of the room, his head bowed, is ds490. He seems to be
muttering something quietly to himself, so you take a hesitant step closer
towards him. As soon as you get near, though, he leaps up, and you reel back
at the sight of his face. An ennatural, malovant grin sits on the lower part
of his orange, perfectly circular face - his eyes small black dots, and his
nose and ears gone. You swallow, then try to get your breath back. 'It's
smacking time!' he shouts insanely, and limps towards you.

>You bring the huge hand back, then deal Ds a stinging smack to the face. He
is knocked to the floor, and struggles back to his feet, looking considerably
weaker.

>You remove the pair of wooden clogs.

>You grab a better hold on the clogs, then bring your arm around the whack Ds
squarely in the jaw. He screams with rage, and you note the huge dent in his
orange chin with pleasure.

Ds, finally defeated, sinks to the floor shouting with pain. 'Defeated! No!'
he crises, then tumbles over, lying on the floor face down.

A few awkward moments pass in silence as you observe his lifeless body. Then
the fugure stands up groggily, as if waking from a deep sleep. 'Wha-? Bob?
What's going on?' he asks, his voice now back to normal.

Then he catches site of the clogs. 'Ah - I get it, you saved me! Thanks alot
- and listen, Mystery is in there-' he points to the northern door '-and
she's not happy. But just remember this advice,' he says, laying a hand on
your shoulder, 'Hostess Pie and Wang will always be with you.'

With these reassuring words of advice, Ds vanishes, leaving you alone in the
room.

>Catiously, you open the door, and step into the room beyond.

The Third Trial - Mystery Riddle
Your surroundings are surrouded in complete and utter darkness - not a thing
can be seen, no faint rays of light, no outines, just complete and utter
darkness. That is, apart from the hieous six-foot head of Mystery hovering in
the air in front of you.

Upon seeing you enter, the vaguely female face lets out an ear-splitting
scream, swinging her dark, greasy hair. Then she speaks in a scating, whining
voice. 'Bob... I am Mystery. You may only pass once you answer the following
riddle. If you answer incorrectly three times, you will be devoured, and I
can assure you that I will take great pleasure in doing so.'

She licks her lips, and you shudder, her startling red eyes glinting as she
narrows them. 'Here it is,' she speaks, 'I have a head and a tail, yet no
body. What am I?'

Type your answer.

>Mystery's giant head is thrown back, and she lets out a long scream of
despair. Then there is a bright flash, and she is gone, leaving no trace at
all, making your surroundings utterly devoid of any light or objects. Then
Mystery's calm voice begins to talk, now completely back to normal, as if
from some invisible speaker.

'Bob the newbie... your journey is nearly over... you must now face the final
challenge... good luck... you may need this...' as she trails off, you feel a
cold, hard coin materialise in the palm of your hand. 'Once again,' continues
Mystery, 'Good luck... I will be watching over you... and remember... always
beta-test!'

There is a wooshing of wind, and she is gone. Then, as if being writting by
an invisible hand, a row of bright red neon letters appear in the air before
you, and a small rectangular stand appears below them.

>You push the coin into the slot, and there is a soft ring. Then there is
another bright flash, and everything around you dissapears.

Then, slowly, bright green lines start to travel across your vision, joining
up with others to make a vitual grid around you for as far as you can see.
Vertical lines join up with these, forming a cubed cage around you. You look
around catiously, until you see a hunched up figure in the corner. So, this
must be him, the Dark Lord who created all this destruction...

Your heart pounding, he slowly stands up, and reveals his face. 'Woodfish!'
you gasp, 'You... you traitor!'

'Bob, Bob, Bob...' he laughs pitifully, 'Don't you see? We were getting
nowhere! Campbell had abandoned us! What power was to be gained from hanging
around doing nothing? We needed to start again - establish a firm regime
based on rank and power! The first step to world domination!' He throws back
his head again, and lets out a manic laugh.

'You fool!' you shout, 'You have made monsters of our friends! You have
turned to the dark side! Campbell would never want this!'

Woodfish cuts short his laugh. 'Campbell is filth!'

'NEVER!' you scream, Woodfish has gone one step too far. 'Prepare to die,
Woody!' And with that, you enter battle against the most fearful foe ADRIFT
has ever known.

Do you want to:
1) Smack Woodfish with hand
2) Smack Woodfish with clogs

>You pull out the rubber hand, and deliver a huge blow to the side of
Woodfish's head. Infuriated, he retaliates by summoning a huge elephant to
his side, which tramples towards you...

What do you do:
1) Trip up the elephant
2) Turn the elephant around and send it back to Woodfish

>You stick out your leg in the elephant's path, but he simply tramples over it
on his way past. Your leg stinging, you turn back to Woodfish.

Do you want to:
1) Kick Woodfish
2) Shoot him with a sawn-off shotgun

>You bring your foot up, and knock Woodfish backwards. Fuming, he deals a hard
smack to your upper body and you feel a couple of bones crack under the
pressure.

Do you want to:
1) Show him Lancer's hair
2) Hit him with Jim the purple penguin

>You pull out Lancer Sykera from the depths of your pockets. Woodfish recoils
at the sight of his hair. 'No! My one weakness!' he cries, his eyes blinded.
 Woodfish falls to the ground, burying his face in his hands, finally
defeated. As he falls, he seems to melt, and by the time he hits the floor,
he is nothing but a puddle of water.

With a loud cheering noise, you look to your left, and see hundreds of freed
Drifters running forward to congratulate you, all back to normal. Mileout,
KF, davidw and Hana all rush forward and pat you on the back, The Amazing
Poodle Boy and Mut lining up to shake your hand. A huge grin on your face,
you oblige the whole
crowd of them, praise being called from all around you.

... press any key ...

After a while, you pull yourself away from the crowd, and make your way over
to the familiar hooded figure standing to one side of the throng of Drifters.
He pulls his hood back, and  Campbell Wild looks at you from behind it, his
face lit up with a smile. 'You!' you gasp.

'Yes,' he laughs, 'Me! I must congratulate you for defeating Woodfish, and
saving ADRIFT. Without you, Woodfish would be ruling the world! Now, what's a
suitable reward... I've got it!'

Grinning, he puts his hand in his pocket, and brings it out clutching a CD.
You briefly catch the words 'ADRIFT v5' scrawled across its label, before
pocketing it safely.

You Won!
Congratulations!
