Loading game...

Forum 2

Forum 2
By Woodfish

(Entry to the Third One-Hour Game Competition)
Two months have passed since you last defeated Woodfish in his evil lair, and
alot has changed since then. After the initial celebrations and happiness,
the Forum fell into what now history calls the 'dark ages'. Minor skirmishes
broke out along the borders of the land of General Discussion. The Review
Forum, Woodfish's previous domain, lay claim to whatever scavengers wished to
raid it. The moderators went into hiding, and their Announcements kingdom
started to slowly build an army of vast strength and power. And over it all,
King Campbell has withdrawn into his palace, refusing to intervene with the
Forum.

It was during this time that you were lounging about at home, and the phone
rang. The voice on the other end was gruff, and spoke quickly.

"Bob the newbie! It's me, Campbell! I've been kidnapped, they're holding me
in this wierd dimension, please, you've got to help me! They took me here
through a strange glitch in the Review forum - please, hurry! Oh no, I can
hear them comin-"

The line goes dead. You slam the phone down, dash through the door, and leap
on your motorcyle. Moments later, your tyres skreech to a halt outside the
Forum, and you dive in headfirst, to be swallowed by a black, inky void...

... press any key ...

ADRIFT Forum
This is a vast grid of dazzling green lines against an inky black infinity.
Words and fragments of text whizz past you in the air at high-speed, trailing
columns of digits and symbols. Frames and half-rendered creatures prowl on
the edge of your vision, digitized whispers rebounding through your brain.
You spot the Reviews forum over to the east.

>

> e
You leap eastwards into the forum.

Review Forum
The walls of this forum have been whitewashed, and are now dull and dusty.
All relics that marked Woodfish's former reign have been stripped away, along
with the selection of reviews this forum once had. Along one wall hang three
long review scrolls, labelled one to three. You wonder where the glitch that
Campbell talked about is.

> x scroll three
This is a review of a strange game called 'Forum'. You read through swiftly,
but there is nothing of interest - wait. Towards the bottom left corner,
there is a small rip. You bend down to look at it closer, and tentatively
reach out a hand to touch it.

As soon as you make contact, you are whisked forwards, and the hole expands
into a glittering gateway of stars. You are sent reeling through this, flying
through the stars as they blur past you, until you come an abrupt halt. You
are thrown to the ground.

Shaded Alley
The entrance to this alley is dwarfed by the huge buildings that tower either
side of it. However, you're sure this is where they've taken Campbell because
of the sturdy guard standing in front of the alley opening. The shadow that
fills the passage slants across his face, and darkens his shades even more.
He holds a shotgun across his chest, and blocks the way north through the
alley.

The guard doesn't look the slightest bit startled by your sudden appearance.

> attack guard
You send a blow to his stomach, but he merely rocks backwards from it, then
forwards, before coming to a stop.

Maybe another one would have more effect?

> attack guard
Again, you deliver a blow to his chest. This time, he tips to one side, and
falls onto the floor with a clunk, whilst remaining in exactly the same pose.
The words 'Exhibit 24: Tough Guard Plastercast' are printed on his left foot.

> n
You run stealthily through the alleyway until you reach a doorway. Slipping
through it, you find yourself in a room.

Fountain Hall
This room has a lavish black-and-white marble floor, with a stone fountain in
the middle. Frothing white water is churned out of it, cascading down the
sides and back into the grey basin in an endless cycle. Behind the fountain
stands a wooden staircase that widens as it goes up, onto an open landing at
the top. The dark doorway to the alley lies back south.

> u
You move up.

Landing
The landing is filled with bright sunshine that spills in through the wide
window in the wall beside you. Through it, you can see a view of a cloud-free
sky with rays of sun piercing the deep blue. The landing has nothing much of
interest to take advantage of this light, save two doors at each end - a blue
one to the east, and a green one to the west. A row of wooden stairs lead
back down to the fountain.

> open blue door
You open the blue door.

> e
You run east, through the doorway.

Landing
This is a simple but stylish study, with a huge white desk in the center of
the room, on polished floorboards. Above the desk, is a painting of an ocean
scene, with a dullish brown fish swimming along. To one side of the room is a
white couch, and propped against this is a giant teddy-bear, who you know
from the Forum as KF. He is clutching his chest and moaning, with piles of
stuffing strewn about the floor either side.

Upon seeing him, you rush forward and drop to your knees. 'KF - what have
they done?' you gasp.

'I tried to save Campbell,' he croaks 'but they r..ripped me to shreds. I
d..do not have m..much time left. T...take this' - he presses a small vial of
red liquid into your palm - 'it may be useful, but I'm afraid I have used
n...nearly all of it. I wish you luck, Bob.'

And with that, he falls back on the floorboards, his fluffy arms falling limp
at his sides.

> open desk
You open the white desk.  A piece of paper is inside the white desk.

> take paper
You take the piece of paper from the white desk.

> w
You run back into the landing.

Landing
The landing is filled with bright sunshine that spills in through the wide
window in the wall beside you. Through it, you can see a view of a cloud-free
sky with rays of sun piercing the deep blue. The landing has nothing much of
interest to take advantage of this light, save two doors at each end - a blue
one to the east, and a green one to the west. A row of wooden stairs lead
back down to the fountain.

> d
You move down.

Fountain Hall
This room has a lavish black-and-white marble floor, with a stone fountain in
the middle. Frothing white water is churned out of it, cascading down the
sides and back into the grey basin in an endless cycle. Behind the fountain
stands a wooden staircase that widens as it goes up, onto an open landing at
the top. The dark doorway to the alley lies back south.

> pour potion in fountain
You tip the single drop of potion into the water. It immediatley breaks into
an expanding cloud of red, until the whole fountain is churning out vivid red
water into a red basin. You only hope that the potion is still strong enough
for it to have any effect on you.

> drink fountain water
You scoop some up in your hands, and gulp it down. Deep inside you, there is
a feeling of churning and frothing, followed by contentment. It seems to have
worked.

> u
You move up.

Landing
The landing is filled with bright sunshine that spills in through the wide
window in the wall beside you. Through it, you can see a view of a cloud-free
sky with rays of sun piercing the deep blue. The landing has nothing much of
interest to take advantage of this light, save two doors at each end - a blue
one to the east, and a green one to the west. A row of wooden stairs lead
back down to the fountain.

> smash window
You smash the glass into a sizeable hole for you to climb out of.

> out
You hoist yourself up and out of the window.

Window Ledge
You are much higher up above ground than you thought was possible. Streets
far below are lined with cars and people the size of ants. There is a strong
breeze which ruffles your hair, and you are having a hard time balancing on
this thin ledge. You can move back in through the smashed window, or further
west along the ledge where it continues around the building.

> w
You move west.

Further Along Ledge
One of the several collosal pillars that decorate the building at certain
points blocks your way further to the west. Its smooth round surface, offers
no means of getting past it any further, and you wouldn't want to risk
endangering yourself any more. The ledge leads back east.

> punch pillar
As you get ready to strike, some movement past the pillar catches your eye.
It is a guard - real, this time - climbing out of a window, and looking your
way! Without pause, you knock a hole straight through the pillar. The chunk
of rock flies out the other side, and catches the guard off balance, causing
him to tumble down from the ledge to the street below. Wow. Looks like the
potion worked.

> w
You move west.

Outside Window
An open window is in the building next to you, just before the ledge comes to
an abrupt halt. The room within is shrouded in darkness, so you can't see
anything inside. Further to the east, the ledge leads back to the pillar.
Sounds of everyday life reach your ears from the strees below.

> in
You move in.

Cell Corridor
This is a short corridor, with bare walls, and not much in the way of
decoration. To the west, there is an iron door, with a barred window in.
However, you can only see darkness through the window. Mounted on the wall
beside it, is a small speaker panel, with a plaque above it. At the other end
of the corridor, to the east, there is a green door - presumably the one you
saw on the landing.

> say shoehorn
You say 'shoehorn' loud and clearly into the speaker. There is a click, and
the door swings open. You hear a gasp from inside, hurried footsteps, then
Campbell emerges around the door!

'Bob! You saved me!' he cries.

'No time for praise now,' you say gruffly, 'we'd better get out of here!'

The two of you kick open the green door, run across the landing, down the
stairs, through the hall, and out through the alleyway, finally emerging into
sunlight. You dive headfirst into hyperspace, closely followed by Campbell,
until you make it back to the forum.

... press any key ...

You turn to face him, a smile plastered across your face, but freeze.
Campbell reaches a hand to his neck, and pulls off his mask revealing the
face of Woodfish!

'Ha! Tricked you!' he cries. 'Now I am finally within the ADRIFT Forum once
more! I can finally bring an end to Campbell and his plans! HAHAHAHAHA!'

He descends into maniacal laughter as you stare on, dumbfounded.

'You thought you killed me, didn't you? Well you were wrong! Woodfish can
never be defeated! Hahaha! And you know what, Bob? You're not even real!
That's right Bob, you're a character in a game written by me! Hahaha! Hell,
you're even in a competition held by me! Someone's reading all this as we
speak! They've been controlling you Bob! Hahaha! All this is all a game! It's
just one big text adventure! HAHAHAHA!!!!'

... press any key ...

'Hold on, there, Woodfish,' you say, 'surely if you're able to be tell me all
this, and this is all a text adventure as you say, then someone must have
already written your text and speech. And if you're saying that was you who
has made this text adventure, then your in-game entity must have created your
out-game entity, which, frankly, is impossible.'

Woodfish pauses to consider this. 'Damn,' he says, and disappears. Once you
realise your own existence is impossible, that sort of thing tends to happen.

For you, too, here is where the game ends. However, that does not mean that
you cease to exist.

***You have won!***
You scored full points.
Type Restore, Restart, Quit, or Cease To Exist.

> quit
Do you really want to quit? [Y/N]
