Loading game...

Frustrated Interviewee

FRUSTRATED INTERVIEWEE

by Robert Rafgon

Type:
1 to start the game.
2 to start the game without the introduction.

Please type info at any time for more information on commands used in this
game.

> 2

Computer room
This room was designated as the computer room, so our network gaming
experience could be enhanced by being close enough to yell at each other. Of
course, we only yelled for encouragement, not to proclaim our dominance. The
four computers in the room were situated on the tables, in between a tangle
of interconnecting wires. The main room was to the northwest.

> northwest
I moved to the main room.

Main room
This room was the centre of the apartment, linking together all of the other
rooms, which could be seen in every direction. The exit to the apartment was
to the south. The main room was used for one main purpose, which was watching
television. In a centralised rectangle, the television sat on a stand in
front of a sofa.

Daniel was here.

As I entered the room, I could see from the way Daniel was sitting on the
sofa that he had become entranced by the television. Once he started
watching, he could be difficult to separate from the TV.

So your friend did not want to play the computer? Initiative is not much use,
unless it actually leads to something that people want.

But he did want it. He just needed me to provide some motivation to get him
out of the room. I suppose that this is a situation of mild conflict, but I
have a better example later on.

> west
I moved to my bedroom.

My bedroom
To put it nicely, my bedroom was a little messy on that day. Ok, it was very
messy. It wasn't normally that way, but I had been, um, sorting out my
wardrobe. That is why there were clothes scattered everywhere. Not because I
had not gotten around to washing them. The main room was to the east.

I hope I do not get too penalised, as I am just trying to be honest here. You
would not want to employ someone who was dishonest.

Maybe if your initiative had included cleaning your room, I would be a little
more happy.

Well, you will just have to wait, as I have not finished my story yet.

> clean room
I finally decided that it was time for me to clean my room. I firstly cleared
the desk of papers, by carefully filing them in their relevant section within
the drawer of the desk. I then sorted the clothes on the floor, either
putting them in the cupboard in a pile for washing or hanging them back up.
With the room empty, I carefully cleaned until it was spotless. During this
whole cleaning process I located a previously missing comic book and several
pieces of chocolate.

> east
I moved to the main room.

Main room
This room was the centre of the apartment, linking together all of the other
rooms, which could be seen in every direction. The exit to the apartment was
to the south. The main room was used for one main purpose, which was watching
television. In a centralised rectangle, the television sat on a stand in
front of a sofa.

Daniel was here.

> give comic to daniel
I decided that I should hand back the long-missing comic book to Daniel. As
soon as he caught a glimpse of it, he quickly grabbed it from my hands, and
held it carefully. Daniel looked relieved, and began to page through the
comic to check whether it was all right. As he did so, he absently placed the
remote control next to himself on the sofa.

> get remote
I took the remote control.

> change channel
Now that I had the remote control, I changed the channel to something I
actually wanted to watch. There was an interesting professional wrestling
match on one channel. The match between the Monster and the Masked Youngster
was tightly balanced. With screaming from excited announcers instead of
cartoon sounds, Daniel looked up and immediately complained. "Why are we
watching this rubbish. I want both the cartoon and remote control given back
to me immediately."

Of course, I refused. Daniel looked annoyed, and tried to take the remote
from me. After he failed at this, Daniel finally gave in and told me, "Oh,
all right. I will do what you want and play your computer game. It has to be
better than watching this, and I suppose you did finally give back my comic
book."

Daniel then left for the computer room.

> southwest
I moved to the bathroom.

Bathroom
This was an ordinary bathroom. I could see a toilet, sink, cabinet and
shower, which is what you would normally expect in there. I'm not sure you
need any more detail than that for this interview. The main room was to the
northeast.

> open cabinet
When I searched through the cabinet, to my surprise I found two pieces of
chocolate along with all of the other normal items. I closed the cabinet when
I was finished.

> northeast
I moved to the main room.

Main room
This room was the centre of the apartment, linking together all of the other
rooms, which could be seen in every direction. The exit to the apartment was
to the south. The main room was used for one main purpose, which was watching
television. In a centralised rectangle, the television sat on a stand in
front of a sofa.

> north
I moved to the kitchen.

Kitchen
Our kitchen on the surface was fairly conventional. On the east side there
was a fridge, sitting next to a counter. A sink and microwave were on the
counter, with cabinets underneath. A stove was at the end. On the west side
was a table and chairs. The problem with this kitchen was that despite all
the cooking implements, there was not much food. Unfortunately we did not
have enough money to fully stock the kitchen. The main room was to the south.

> open cabinet
When I looked inside the cabinet I found a couple of pieces of chocolate. I
also took out a glass, as I was feeling thirsty. I closed the cabinet when I
was finished.

> open fridge
I looked inside and took two pieces of chocolate out, before closing the
fridge when I was finished.

> fill cup
I filled the glass with water from the sink.

> drink water
I drank the glass of water.

> south
I moved to the main room.

Main room
This room was the centre of the apartment, linking together all of the other
rooms, which could be seen in every direction. The exit to the apartment was
to the south. The main room was used for one main purpose, which was watching
television. In a centralised rectangle, the television sat on a stand in
front of a sofa.

> northwest
I moved to Michael's bedroom.

Michael's bedroom
My bedroom may at times be a little messy, but Michael's bedroom was always
an absolute disgrace. It was difficult to walk in here without tripping over
anything. I could tell by the dirt that this room had not been cleaned for
way too long. Within the mess and almost hidden were a desk, bed, wardrobe
and nightstand. The main room was to the southeast.

Michael was here.

Michael was lying fast asleep in his bed. He must have been up late again
last night. This made it a little more difficult than I had expected.
Normally he would be very willing to play my game, but this time, I had to
wake him up, which was never easy.

> shake michael
I shook Michael aggressively, trying to wake him up. It looked like I was
succeeding but as soon as I let go, he rolled over and went back to sleep.
Maybe a different method would be more effective.

> slap michael
I slapped Michael's face, and when that did not work, I slapped him again.
Michael responded better to the second slap, but in the end he just turned
away from me, and slipped back into sleep. Maybe a different method would be
more effective.

> shout at michael
I screamed "Wake up!" in one of Michael's ears. He slowly opened his eyes in
response to the noise, and finally decided to wake up fully. When he was
sufficiently awake to recognise my presence, Michael grumpily asked, "Now
what do you want?"

> talk to michael
I explained to Michael that I needed another player in my game. Michael
grumbled but eventually agreed. He stumbled out of bed, heading towards the
computer room.

> southeast
I moved to the main room.

Main room
This room was the centre of the apartment, linking together all of the other
rooms, which could be seen in every direction. The exit to the apartment was
to the south. The main room was used for one main purpose, which was watching
television. In a centralised rectangle, the television sat on a stand in
front of a sofa.

> east
I moved to Jim's bedroom.

Jim's bedroom
Jim was the quietest person in the apartment, and this room was his refuge
from the rest of us. The bookcase on one wall held enough books to keep
anyone occupied for a long while. The comfortable chair next to it provided
an ideal location to sit down. A bed, desk and wardrobe were also situated
around the room. The main room was to the west.

Jim was here.

On entering I noticed that as expected Jim was sitting in the chair and
reading a book. It is always difficult to persuade him to move his overweight
body from there.

> give chocolates to jim
After I showed Jim the chocolate, he finally put down his book and told me,
"Ok, if you want me to play your game that much, then I will, but not for too
long."

Jim quickly grabbed the chocolates and ate them all. He then wandered over to
the computer room.

So you basically bribed Jim in order to get your way?

I feel it was a persuasive argument, not bribery.

> west
I moved to the main room.

Main room
This room was the centre of the apartment, linking together all of the other
rooms, which could be seen in every direction. The exit to the apartment was
to the south. The main room was used for one main purpose, which was watching
television. In a centralised rectangle, the television sat on a stand in
front of a sofa.

> southeast
With everyone in the computer room, it was time to start. We all sat down in
front of our respective computers and loaded up the game….

(Press a key)

I have discussed how I used my initiative to get us started in playing
Frustrated Looters. Now it is time to discuss our teamwork. TEAMWORK is when
a group of people work together towards a common goal.

You have not shown much teamwork so far. In fact everyone seemed to want to
do something completely different, until you coerced them into following your
plan instead. I hope it improves.

The previous problems were just a few starting out issues. We knew how to
work together, and we had to, if we wanted to progress in the game. Each of
the characters in the game had different abilities that were important.

(Press a key)

The four characters were:
Me = Warriyar the Warrior
Jim = Fit the Fighter
Daniel = Source the Sorcerer
Michael = Tife the Thief

We were not much better than novice adventurers, with very limited
capabilities. So, we started an easy quest for the mystical Forgotten Jewel.
The quest started outside a town where we had been healed and outfitted.

Outside the gates
A sturdy gate blocked the entrance to the town in the north. Apparently we
were not allowed to go back until we had finished the quest. A guard standing
in front of the gate added to the blocked off effect. To the south was a
dark, foreboding forest. No nice, friendly woods in computer games.

Fit the Fighter, Source the Sorcerer and Tife the Thief were here.

> tife steal map
Whilst I talked to the guard, Tife sneaked behind him and took the map. He
then gave the map to me in plain sight of the guard, but the guard strangely
did not seem to care. The map showed the layout of the forest, which I
memorised.

> south
Having seen a map, we quickly reached the centre.

The centre of the forest
The most noticeable feature of this clearing was a tall tree. It was in fact
an extremely tall tree, probably the tallest in the forest. It looked like on
the map that this was the centre of the forest. The northern path led back to
the town. There were also three other paths to the southeast, south and
southwest. According to the map the southeast path exited the forest.

Fit, Source and Tife moved towards me from the north.

> southeast
We followed the path and exited the forest. Unfortunately, we walked through
a patch of poisonous weeds, and all suffered some damage.

The oasis
It is obvious that consistency was not a feature of this game's geography.
The forest, which could be re-entered to the northwest, was for some reason
next to a desert. The boring, dusty wasteland was easier to navigate than the
forest maze, but unfortunately was very repetitive. A mountain range could be
seen to the south, but it was still a long way off. We had stopped at the
only distinctive landmark between the forest and the mountains, which was an
oasis.   A lone tree, surrounded by the same poisonous weeds we had recently
walked through on exiting the forest, appeared to survive from the pond's
water.

Fit, Source and Tife moved towards me from the northwest.

> source burn weed
Source burned away all the weeds with a fireball. The tree was unharmed,
which could be through luck, skill or poor game design. I know that Source
would say skill, but who knows?

> fit cut tree
Fit enthusiastically started chopping wildly at the tree. It soon fell over
from the vicious assault. Fit cut off the branches, leaving some sticks next
to the fallen trunk.

I have noticed so far that each of your friends has contributed, but you have
done nothing.

I provide leadership and ideas. I have suggested most of the tactics used so
far, even though I haven't specifically mentioned it.

> get sticks
I took the sticks.

> get upper
I lifted the upper half of the trunk.

> fit get lower
At my suggestion Fit lifted the lower half of the trunk.

> south
We walked south, carrying the trunk across the remainder of the desert.

The ravine
An almost hidden, deep ravine separated the desert to the north from the
mountains to the south. It extended from east to west as far as could be
seen.  There was no way to reach the mountains apart from by crossing the
ravine.

Fit, Source and Tife moved towards me from the north.

> drop tree
I told Fit that the trunk looked the right size to help us get across the
ravine. We maneuvered the trunk until it was vertical, next to the edge. We
then lowered it down to create a bridge across to the south.

> south
After crossing the bridge, we wandered along the other side of the ravine,
until we found a path that led us to a distinctive mountain.

The base of a mountain
We were standing near the base of a huge mountain. This mountain stood out
from the others, not only for its size, but because a bright light seemed to
emanate from its peak. The path through the mountains continued from the
north to the southeast. A cave leading into the mountain was to the
southwest.

Fit, Source and Tife moved towards me from the north.

> southwest
We entered the cave.

Near the cave entrance
The cave entrance to the northeast provided the only light for the cave. It
was too dark to proceed any further inside.

Fit, Source and Tife moved towards me from the northeast.

> source burn stick
Source carefully aimed a fireball to light up the sticks. This time he
luckily did not burn me as well. I am now holding what is effectively a
torch.

> south
We continued further into the cave until we stumbled upon the lair of a
monster.

The goblin's lair
This was an easy quest, but I still expected a more intimidating monster than
a goblin. He was standing in front of a corpse, but even that did not make
him look dangerous. This lair was at a dead end in the cave, and we could
only return back to the north.

Fit, Source and Tife moved towards me from the north.

> attack goblin
I charged towards the goblin, waving my sword out in front of me. The goblin
moved fast and leapt towards me, raking his claws on my armour. Luckily my
armour held out, and even luckier he was now in perfect range for me to slash
him with my sword. It only took one attempt for me to kill the goblin and
have revenge for the dead anonymous NPC on the cave's floor.

> turn corpse
I searched the corpse and found that he was holding a long rope, but had no
weapons. No wonder the goblin had been able to kill him. As he no longer
needed the rope, I took it for myself.

> north
We walked back through the caves to the cavern near the entrance.

Near the cave entrance
The light from the torch showed that we were standing in a cavern. The cavern
had lots of pointy stalagmites and stalactites, which we could have been
impaled upon in the darkness. I'm sure that they were not that sharp in real
life. The cave's exit was to the northeast, but it also continued to the
south.

Fit, Source and Tife moved towards me from the south.

> northeast
We exited the cave.

The base of a mountain
We were standing near the base of a huge mountain. This mountain stood out
from the others, not only for its size, but because a bright light seemed to
emanate from its peak. The path through the mountains continued from the
north to the southeast. A cave leading into the mountain was to the
southwest.

Fit, Source and Tife moved towards me from the southwest.

> southeast
We continued down the path.

The cliff
The path ended at a steep cliff, leading up some of the mountain face. At the
top I could see a boulder blocking another entrance inside the shining
mountain. The path only led back to the northwest.

Fit, Source and Tife moved towards me from the northwest.

> tife climb cliff
I offered the rope to Tife, and he took it, although he did ask me why he was
getting a rope. I suggested that he could climb the cliff, tie the rope,
lower it down and we could then follow him. Tife liked this idea, and quickly
climbed the steep cliff face. Soon after he disappeared over the top, the
rope was lowered down to us. I immediately followed Tife up, and when the
rope did not break, Fit and Source followed as well.

The blocked entrance
A large boulder blocked a second cave leading into the mountain. Maybe this
cave would lead us to the source of the bright light shining from mountain
peak. We could also head back down the cliff, via the rope, which was tied to
an outcropping.

Fit and Source moved towards me from below.

> push boulder
I pushed against the boulder and moved it slightly. Slightly was not great
but was good enough to open up the darkness of the cave. We then walked
inside.

(Press a key)

I have discussed PROBLEM SOLVING in various aspects during the earlier parts
of my speech, but I feel it is important to go into more detail and show how
I solved some harder puzzles. The next section of the game is ideal for this
purpose.

I hope that you do not spend too long, as I don't need to hear that much
detail.

I'll try to be brief. After entering the cave a strong wind blew out the
torch, leaving four sticks in reasonable condition. When Source tried to
relight the sticks the wind started blowing again. It looked like we would
have to find another light source.

The sun room
For a mountain so bright on the outside, it was really dark on the inside.
There was light from the northern exit to the cave, but it only revealed this
room. There was a darkened doorway to the south, but I could not see anything
else in the next room. In this room there was a carving on one wall, with a
picture of four suns at the top.

> put stick in hat
I put the stick in the hat's hole.

> put stick in lamb
I put the stick in the lamb's hole.

> put stick in beach
I put the stick in the beach's hole.

> put stick in flower
I put the stick in the flower's hole.

Suddenly a loud click could be heard from behind the carving. A light shone
down from the ceiling, illuminating the room. A chain reaction was set off,
as the lights turned on all the way down the southern corridor, as far as
could be seen. We could now progress further.

Did your friends help you at all in finding this solution.

No, I solved these puzzles by myself. They just stood around and waited for
me.

> south
We walked down the corridor, until we reached the statues room.

The statues room
Twin statues guarded the door to the south. There were hooks on the ceiling
above each statue. The corridor to the north led back to the sun room. On the
east side of this room was a set of scales.

I could also see a tiny rock, a small rock and a medium rock.

Fit, Source and Tife moved towards me from the north.

> put small rock on left pan
I put the small rock on the left pan.

> put medium rock on left pan
I put the medium rock on the left pan.

> put tiny rock on right pan
I put the tiny rock on the right pan.

> cut rope
I cut the rope, by swinging down my sword hard on the block. The two pans
crashed to the ground. I then took the two identical pieces of rope.

> tie rope to statue
I tied each rope around a hook and then a statue's neck. There was still a
little slack in both ropes after doing this.

> pull stool
I pulled out each stool, letting both statues hang from their respective
ropes. Suddenly I heard a click and the doorway to the south opened.

> south
We walked down the corridor, until we reached the picture room.

The picture room
A closed door prevented us from continuing further south, but we could return
to the north. On the walls of this room were a series of pictures that
appeared to show the history of this place. In the first panel a jewel was
found. In the second panel the jewel was placed in a chamber. In the third
panel the jewel was stolen. In the fourth panel the jewel was abandoned.

Fit, Source and Tife moved towards me from the north.

> push jewel
I pushed the jewel in the fourth panel and the doorway to the south opened.

> south
We walked down the corridor, until we reached the lever room.

The lever room
There were levers everywhere in this room and they were all different
colours. This included yellow, red, pink, green, purple, orange and blue. The
closed door blocked off the path to the south. A corridor led back to the
picture room to the north.

More puzzles? I think I have seen your point by now.

Well, just wait and see then.

Fit, Source and Tife moved towards me from the north.

> push lever
I have no idea where to start with these levers, and I do not want to set off
a pit trap.

Fit leaned against one of the room's walls. Suddenly we all heard a loud
click and were afraid that Fit had set off a trap. Luckily Fit was clever in
his clumsiness, as the room changed around us.

> push lever
I pulled the sole remaining lever and the doorway to the south opened. That
was not all, as we could hear more doorways open to the south. We must have
stumbled upon a secret way for the builders of this place to return quickly
to the centre.

> south
We walked through the remaining rooms and corridors, until we were near the
end of the path.

Outside the mirror room
A blinding light emanated from the room to the south. It must be where the
Forgotten Jewel was located. I did not think we could approach the room until
there was less light and we could actually see in there. In this room was a
control panel along one wall. A corridor led back to the north.

Fit, Source and Tife moved towards me from the north.

> push button
Feeling relief that I did not have to solve an otherwise complicated to
describe puzzle involving the dials and levers on the panel, I pressed down
the red button. Immediately a grinding noise could be heard to the south. As
it continued the light shining through the doorway dimmed, until it was the
same brightness as the rest of this place.

> south
We walked inside the mirror room.

The mirror room
The Forgotten Jewel was the main feature of this room, where it was sitting
on a pedestal in the centre. It lit up the room, and I really had no idea why
it was called Forgotten, as anything that bright should be easy to spot and
remember. On the walls of this room were mirrors. The only exit was to the
north.

Fit, Source and Tife moved towards me from the north.

> get jewel
I took the Forgotten Jewel from the pedestal. We had completed our quest,
apart from the simple task of returning to the town. Or the not so simple
task, as it turned out.

(Press a key)

So you are not finished yet?

No. The final area I want to cover in this speech is CONFLICT, or when
people's aims or opinions are different. The aims of the people in my group
were very different. Back in the town we were due to receive a large monetary
reward for completing our quest. We had previously decided to split this
between us, but one member of my group had different plans.

We were congratulating each other when suddenly I noticed that Tife the Thief
had disappeared. A few seconds later, I realised that the Forgotten Jewel had
disappeared from my inventory. It wasn't hard to figure out what had
happened. Tife wanted the money for himself.

The mirror room
The pedestal was now bare and the room was much darker, following the
disappearance of the Forgotten Jewel. The mirrored walls reflected images of
ourselves looking disappointed. The only exit was to the north.

> north
We returned back north through all the rooms and corridors until we reached
the ledge outside.

The unblocked entrance
A boulder partially blocked the southern entrance, but still allowed access
to the cave. This small ledge was on the side of the mountain, overlooking a
steep cliff. The location looked similar to when we entered, apart from one
missing detail. Tife had untied the rope and taken it with him. None of us
were good enough climbers to follow him down.

Suddenly, a huge crashing noise echoed throughout the mountain. Taking the
jewel must have set off a chain reaction that was starting to destroy this
location. In surprise Fit almost fell off the cliff, before I grabbed him.
However, this did not save Fit's axe, which slipped from his grasp. It fell
all the way down, before finally smashing on the ground below. We would
likely receive the same fate, if we tried to climb down. Even if the tunnels
were collapsing, we would have more chance of surviving by trying to find an
alternate exit inside.

> south
We looked through each room carefully, but could find no exit. Eventually we
returned to the mirror room, where unfortunately, as we entered, the doorway
collapsed behind us to trap us within the room.

The mirror room
As the noise continued to rumble around us, this room was not looking very
stable. Many of the mirrors were broken and the northern doorway had
collapsed. The only faint light left in the room came from the shafts in the
ceiling. On one metal wall the damage had extended to a narrow crack. There
looked like there was a gap behind the wall.

Fit and Source moved towards me from the north.

> put sword in crack
I put my sword in the crack and tried to lever it further open. As I pulled
harder and harder, it gradually widened until suddenly the sword snapped in
two. The violence of the sword breaking made one last push to open up the gap
far enough for us to pass through. Behind the wall was a path leading
downwards. I threw away the broken sword, as it was no longer useful.

> source burn staff
Looking around, the only wood in the room was Source's staff. When I pointed
this out, Source initially refused to burn it and lose his only weapon.
However, there was no other option, and he knew it, so he eventually agreed.
Source lit up his staff with a fireball and the room was suddenly lit up
again.

> down
We climbed down the path until we found a secret way into the other cave
systems. The caves soon looked familiar to those near the goblin's lair. As
we ran trying to escape, the loud rumbling suddenly became very close and
rocks started falling from the ceiling. One large rock landed on Fit,
trapping him on the floor.

Somewhere in the caves
This location was unremarkable, apart from the fact that Fit was trapped
under a large rock. It was within the caves under the mountain, with exits
leading up and north.

Source the Sorcerer moved towards me from above.

> source levitate rock
Source closed his eyes and concentrated. When I saw magical energies start to
swirl around him, he suddenly opened his eyes and stared at the rock. It
began to rise off the ground, freeing Fit. However, Fit was too injured to
move himself out of the way. I grabbed and moved him, as the rock looked
increasingly unsteady in mid-air. As soon as possible Source dropped the rock
back on the ground. Fit could not walk, so I lifted him on my back.

Now that we had rescued Fit, we continued through the caves until we reached
back outside. It was just in time, as the mountain crumbled behind us.
Source's staff also crumbled, leaving only a pile of ashes that were quickly
blown away.

(Press a key)

The base of the mountain
The mountain looked very different to earlier. The peak was no longer shining
after the removal of the Forgotten Jewel. It was no longer as tall because
the top had fallen down. The rockslides had blocked both the cave to the
southwest and the path to the southeast. The only remaining path was to the
north, back to the ravine.

Fit told me to put him down, so I laid him upon the ground. I asked him what
was wrong and he replied that he didn't want to be a burden. I would never
catch Tife if I had to carry him. I protested at first, but in the end agreed
to come back for him later.

> north
Source and I continued to the ravine.

The ravine
Unfortunately, Tife had managed to stall our progress again. The trunk was no
longer over the ravine, probably having been pushed in after he crossed.
There was no other way to walk across to the desert side.

Source the Sorcerer moved towards me from the south.

> source levitate me
I hesitantly suggested to Source that maybe he could levitate me across the
ravine. I was unsure about whether he could keep me in the air long enough,
but I decided that I could trust Source to do his best. Source again focused
his powers and levitated me off the ground. He then slowly moved me across
the ravine. I could tell he was struggling by halfway, and his powers gave
out entirely just before I reached the other side. Luckily I was close enough
to grab the edge and pull myself up.

I called back to Source that he should follow me and levitate himself. Source
struggled, but he could not manage it. He eventually told me, "It looks like
you are going to have to continue alone. I'll stay here and look after Fit.
We'll wait for you to return and rescue us. You should be able to catch Tife
in the maze. He has no sense of direction, and will struggle to find a way
out. Good luck in stopping him from stealing his way to success."

I walked by myself through the desert to the oasis.

The oasis
I was midway through the desert, next to the oasis. Tife was nowhere in
sight. I hoped that Source was right and he was lost in the forest maze. The
only way to find out was to walk northwest.

> northwest
I started to walk away from the oasis, but I suddenly noticed a glint in the
water. I didn't have much time, but with no weapon, I needed any help I could
get.

> swim
I searched through the oasis until I located the glint. It was a pointy piece
of metal that would normally be associated with the end of a spear. The rest
seemed to be missing though. Or maybe not. I could feel the shaft of the
spear, although I could not see it. Apparently, I had discovered an invisible
spear. I'm not sure what use that would be.

With the spear in hand, I walked back to the maze. Soon after I entered I
could hear someone walking around near me. I chased down the noise. It was
Tife, just as I had hoped. At the first sight of me, Tife ran away as fast as
possible, heading down the nearest path. I knew I could not catch him, as he
was faster than me. However, if I remembered right, that path looped back to
my current location. It was time to set a trap.

Somewhere in the forest
This location was within the forest maze. In this part there was a tree next
to the east-west path. The tree was surrounded by low bushes, with a patch of
poisonous weeds nearby on the path.

> put spear in tree
I jammed the spearhead into the trunk, so the invisible shaft was horizontal
across the path and low to the ground.

> hide
I climbed over the bushes and used both the bushes and the tree trunk to hide
myself from anyone wandering through the path.

> wait
Time passes...

> wait
Time passes...

> wait
Time passes...

I heard someone approaching.

> wait
Time passes...

Tife entered my location and tripped over the invisible spear. He landed in
the poisonous weeds, immediately rolling out of the patch. However, Tife
still looked dazed as he stood back up near my hiding spot, facing away from
me.

> attack tife
I leapt from my hiding spot and jumped on Tife. I pinned him to the ground
and took the knife from his inventory. Now I had him trapped where he would
pay for his treachery. I raised the knife and…

So, in a situation of conflict, I can expect you to kill your opponents?

No! No! No! I haven't finished yet! I was only threatening Tife. When he
apologised I let him back up, whilst taking the Forgotten Jewel from him for
safekeeping. Tife agreed that he had been selfish, and it wouldn't happen
again, as we were a team. And we were, as although we might disagree
sometimes, we always came to an agreement by the end of the argument.

With the team spirit restored we went back and rescued Fit and Source, before
returning to the town and our big reward. We split the money equally, as
originally planned, and did not penalise Tife. Unfortunately most of the
reward was spent in replacing the lost equipment and healing ourselves from
the damage caused in chasing Tife. We weren't as successful as we had
originally hoped, but we were a little better off and had the satisfaction of
having been able to find a solution to all of the puzzles. The quest was
finally complete and so is my answer to your question.

(Press a key)

Well, that was definitely a long answer, although I will admit it was a
difficult question. Unfortunately I don't have time to go through the
remaining interview questions, so we will have to stop here. It was a
pleasure having you here, and we will be back in contact with you in several
weeks if you are successful in proceeding to the next stage. Thank you for
your time.

And with that, it was time to leave. Hopefully the answers were adequate or
maybe even better. It is difficult to know though. Was the answer too strange
or did it cover the areas well in an unorthodox manner? Did the answer take
up too much time and important questions were missed? Will someone else have
a better answer? Probably. Maybe. Who knows?

The only thing left to do is to….

>wait
Time passes…

You scored 50 out of the maximum 50!
That is 100% of the game!
Well done - you scored maximum points!
