Loading game...

Ghoster
Your lifeless body lies on the ground.

"Darn it, Daniel.  I wish you wouldn't do that."  Your friend Laura cries.
"Come on, go back NOW!"

You return to your body and stand back up.  This is a somewhat normal thing
since you were five and you discovered your unusual gift.  You can use this
by typing "ghost", then "occupy [character]" then "return".

You and Laura walk back to your village.  You weren't able to catch much on
your hunting trip, but Laura's good humor is cheering you up.  You begin to
approach the old well at the edge of your town.

Something is wrong.

The sky is unusually dark and unforgiving.  Laura runs quickly into the
village.

You see her grabbed by an enormous and scary green creature and carried up
onto the old hill.  As you run into to edge of the village, the creature
stands on the hill and activates something on his wrist.  He and Laura
disappear.  Within seconds, you see many other of your townspeople suffer the
same fate.

By the well
Beat down and dead grass marks where your village's people worked and played
for so many years.  Now it  feels as if these paths will never be walked on
again.

You can move east, south and southeast.

> s
You move south.

Blacksmith's Shop
A once marvel of order and technological amazement to you, the shop now lies
in disarray.  Broken metal is strewn about and your old friend, the
Blacksmith, is no longer in sight.

You see a crowbar.  You can move north, east and south.

> get crowbar
You take the crowbar.

> e
You move east.

Village Square
The sky is dark.  The town is eerily empty.

You can move north, east, south, west, northeast, southeast, southwest and
northwest.

> sw
You move southwest.

Inn
beautiful draperies and window treatments lie destroyed.  The roof and walls
appear damaged by strange magic.

You see an Alien.

You can move north, east and northeast.  Alien hits you, but it doesn't seem
to do any damage.

> ghost
You have disembodied.
You manage to avoid Alien's attack.

> occupy Alien
You now occupy the body of Alien

> get body
Wow.  Holding your own lifeless body.  That's a little weird.

> ne
You move northeast.

Village Square
The sky is dark.  The town is eerily empty.

You can move north, east, south, west, northeast, southeast, southwest and
northwest.

> ne
You move northeast.

By the hill
As you stand next to the small hill above a once tranquil valley, you look to
the sky and feel through your very soul an erie darkness.  You see that
darkness is from an ominous and unusual cloud.  A ship.

You can move south, west and southwest.

> stand on hill
You stand on the hill.

> activate beacon
You are transported

Transporter Pad
The walls around you are a dark metalic grey.  You feel a rumbling beneath
your feet.  You are on the Alien Ship.

You see an Alien Officer.

You can only move south.  Alien officer manages to avoid Alien's attack.
Alien officer hits Alien, but it doesn't seem to do any damage.

> s
You move south.

In Corridor
A hexagonal tunnel stretches around you.  Cold and evil permeate the air.
There is a computer screen on the wall.

You can move north, east and west.

> w
You move west.

Up the corridor
The deck plates rumble beneath you.  Is the ship changing speed?  You can
move north, east and west.  You are now back in your body.

> w
You move west.

Corner
The corridor veers left.  You can see other alien ships out a window on your
right.

You can move east and south.

> s
You move south.

Large Hall
You walk down stairs into a large open area.  To the west is a giant bulkhead
door.  Looks like whatever is to the west is pretty important.  Hey, how can
you have cardinal directions on a spaceship, anyway?  You see a control
panel.

You can move north and east.

> use crowbar in bulkhead
You have held the bulkhead door open with the crowbar.

> w
You move west.

Bridge
A large and beautiful room bustling with electronic goings-on.

An Alien Attack Robot looms above you.  You see the unbelievably massive and
ugly Alien Captain foaming at the mouth with anger.  There is a nametag on
his chest that reads "HENDAR".  You can only move east.  Alien Robot hits
you, but it doesn't seem to do any damage.

> drop body
You are not holding your lifeless body.
Alien Robot hits you, but it doesn't seem to do any damage.

> return
You have not disembodied.  Alien Robot hits you, but it doesn't seem to do
any damage.

> ghost
You have disembodied.
You manage to avoid Alien Robot's attack.  You manage to avoid Alien Captain
captain's attack.

> occupy captain
You now occupy the body of Hendar.

Hendar manages to avoid Alien Robot's attack.

> attack attack robot
You hit Alien Robot with the crowbar.
With the robot destroyed, and the subconscious mind and body of Hendar at
your disposal, you send a message to all ships to abandon the assault and
return all captured.

They obey without question.

You go to cell and remove Olan and place Hendar's body inside and return to
your own.

This might not be the end of the fight, you feel.

But it is at least a victory.

You begin transporting yourself and all survivors back to the town.

It is a bitter sweet time as you celebrate the victory and mourn those who
were lost in the attack.

Olan says to you: "You can mourn now.  But you must be ready to fight again
soon.

The End?
[Press any key to end]
