Loading game...

...

The annual goblin hunt is a bimonthly ritual that takes places twice a year
in your home town of Groyn. It's considered by some people (mainly goblins)
to be cruel, vicious and downright evil, but by others (mainly anyone who
isn't a goblin) to be a right old hoot. The general idea is to get your
biggest axe and go out there and kill a goblin.
...press a key...

This year hasn't been a good one for you. Your neighbour, Dunghill Pete, got
the goblin you'd had your eye on and then, to top it all, a stray arrow from
your brother, Bog Steve, killed another of the blighters. Which pretty much
left you without a goblin kill to your name.
...press a key...

Until, that was, Agnes Spit informed you that she'd seen a right vicious
looking goblin with a hammer dripping wet with the blood of murdered goblin
hunters and more than a match for any would-be goblin hunter, sneaking into
the graveyard (the one where they bury the corpses of all the hunters killed
in the goblin hunt).
   You didn't need telling twice...
...press a key...

Graveyard Gates
The gates of the graveyard loom before you, nasty looking structures carved
from great big ogre bones and thrust into the earth. What was wrong with wood
you don't know.

You can only move north.

> n
You move north.

The gravestones of several dozen dead goblin hunters are arrayed about you, a
chilling reminder of just what fate awaits you if you fail today.  You can
move north, south, northeast and northwest.

By one of the gravestones you catch sight of Blood, the goblin who you've
been chasing. He gives a snarl and runs off to the north.

> x gravestone
Nosing around the gravestone of the great goblin hunter "Thugg the Evil Git",
you come across a whistle that must have been dropped by Blood.

> nw
You move northwest.

Graveyard - West
Here at the western edge of the graveyard, someone has lumped a few goblin
corpses together. From the smell, the goblins have either not had a wash in a
long time (quite likely) or someone has tried to torch them (also quite
likely).

You can move east, northeast and southeast.

> ne
You move northeast.

Graveyard - North
The only thing of interest in the northern part of the graveyard is the
gravedigger's hut. And this is a lot less interesting than you might think on
account of it being locked up tighter than your wife's purse when you're on
the scrounge.

You can move south, southeast and southwest.

> knock door
You rat-a-tat-tat on the door.
...press a key...

Nothing happens.
...press a key...

Until the door suddenly comes flying open and a spindly hand reaches out and
pulls you inside...
...press a key...

Gravedigger's Hut
There must be something about being a gravedigger that makes someone want to
live in a place as cheap and sleazy as this. Take away the lavis wall
hangings, piles of tapestries in the corner and wall-to-wall carpeting and
this is just one downright tawdry place.
Bert the gravedigger is here.

You can only move out.

"You must be one of them dere goblin hunters," says Bert. "Filthy scum."
   "All goblins are," you say.
   "I wasn't talkin' about the goblins."

> talk bert
"No, I ain't helpin' you," he says. "You oughta leave them there poor lil
goblins alone. They never hurt no one."
   "They burnt down the town of Bottum and killed fifty people," you say.
   "Bah. That's just statistics."

> talk bert
"Harmless fellows goblins are," says Bert.
   "They eat humans," you say.
   "Can't hold a fellow's dietary habits against him."

> talk bert
"They love music and dance, do goblins," says Bert.
   "They kill musicians and hang dancers from the rafters of their castle,"
you say.
   "And I suppose you think that makes 'em bad?"

> talk bert
"They'd offer their left arm to help out some poor unfortunate, would
goblins," says Bert.
   "They threw Old Missus Crudgather down the stairs of her house," you say.
   "Probably just a lil misunderstanding."

> talk bert
Bert sighs. "I ain't helpin' you and that's final."

> talk bert
"No, I said!"

> talk bert
"Damnitall! How many times I have gotta tell you?"

> talk bert
"Take a hint! You ain't gettin' my help and that's final!"

> talk bert
"Oh, hell with it!" Bert snatches up a shield and thrusts it into your hands
before shoving you out of the door. "Go and kill the evil, murderin',
arsonist git if you want. I ain't gonna speak up fer a lousy stinkin'
goblin!"
...press a key...

Graveyard - North
The only thing of interest in the northern part of the graveyard is the
gravedigger's hut. And this is a lot less interesting than you might think on
account of it being locked up tighter than your wife's purse when you're on
the scrounge.

You can move south, southeast and southwest.

> se
You move southeast.

Graveyard - East
The wall surrounding the graveyard has tumbled down here, allowing access to
a field to the east in which several cows are currently holding a discussion
on the vagaries of isometric shapes in a diagonal universe. Riveting stuff.

You can move east, west, southwest and northwest.

> e
You move east.

Cow Field
There's a field here but on account of the cows who keep brushing past you
and disrupting things, it's kind of difficult to make head or head of what's
going on.

You can only move west.

> blow whistle
The moment you toot! toot! on the whistle, the cows back away in bovinical
fear. A few further blasts on your nifty new whistle get them running off as
fast as the eye can see.
   Allowing you the opportunity to get a good look at the field for the first
time.

> x corpse
You quickly search the corpse and find a lot of dead skin, some dried blood,
a bit of brain matter... and some armour! You're so pleased by this final
find that you leave the other stuff where it is.

> wear armour
You put on the armour.

> w
You move west.

Graveyard - East
The wall surrounding the graveyard has tumbled down here, allowing access to
a field to the east that is now remarkably cow-free.

You can move east, west, southwest and northwest.

> w
You move west.

Here is a relatively empty spot in the graveyard, no doubt waiting for
another would-be goblin hunter to get himself murdered so it can be filled.
Hmmm, over by that bramble bush strikes you as a good place.

"Death to the hooman scum!" yells Blood and throws himself at you so fast you
have no time to react.
   His hammer comes slamming down on you with enough force to completely
shatter your body and leave you a pile of broken bones and pulped flesh on
the ground...
...press a key...

But fortunately you're wearing some armour and so the blow just bounces off.
Whew! Lucky save there!

Blood gives a curse of disappointment at this unfortunate (for him) turn of
events and runs off to the south.

> s
You move south.

Graveyard - South
The gravestones of several dozen dead goblin hunters are arrayed about you, a
chilling reminder of just what fate awaits you if you fail today.

You can move north, south, northeast and northwest.

> s
You move south.

Graveyard Gates
The gates of the graveyard loom before you, nasty looking structures carved
from great big ogre bones and thrust into the earth. What was wrong with wood
you don't know.
Blood, the most vicious goblin you've seen for at least fifteen minutes, is
here, bloodstained hammer in hand.

You can only move north.

"Come ter die then, hooman?" grunts Blood.
   "Nope," you say cheerfully. "I've come to lop your head off and hang it
over my mantelpiece so my friends can see it and be really impressed. I might
even hollow it out and use it as a mug for drinking beer out of."
   Blood spits. "Bah! Civilisation makes me sick! C'mon then, let's get this
over with!"

> kill blood
Hefting your trusty axe, you lunge at Blood and stab him in the gut with it.
At the same time, the evil goblin lashes out, his hammer coming crashing down
on you with stunning force; only the shield you're carrying manages to divert
the force of the blow. You shove Blood away then attack again.
   Your axe slices his legs clean off.
   "Ah, crap!" he mutters, floundering around on the ground. "Say, hooman,
you wouldn't happen to have a good sewing kit on you by any chance? Only me
legs-"
   "And your head," you finish, and then finish him.
...press a key...

People watch in awe as you wander through the streets with the dead goblin's
head held high. A couple of little girls observing this have a screaming fit
but you're on a roll here and don't let a minor thing like that bother you.

Today you're a hero with the entire town of Groyn in envy of you. But
tomorrow...
   Tomorrow is the next goblin hunt.
