Loading game...

Goldilocks - Breaking & Entering

The forest has been terrorised for years by a dysfunctional family of bears,
known as The Three Bears, living deep within the forest. Which is why you,
Goldilocks, cat-burglar extraordinare, has decided to pay them a little
visit. The way you see it, you break in, steal what you can, and net yourself
a neat little profit while the bears are out roaming the forest, looking for
small woodland creatures to trample.

In Front of a Cottage in the Forest
You are standing in front of a rather large cottage, its white washed walls
and yellow straw roof stands out from the surrounding forest. A short garden
path leads from the fence to the front door, through a overgrown garden. The
front door appears to be closed, with no doorknob or any other means to pull
it open.

> x cottage
A cast iron sign with the house number, six-six-seven, has been hung on the
front door. A barred window faces the garden and there is a numeric security
lock and keypad on the front door. It would appear that the bears have beefed
up their security.

> enter 667
You hear a click from the door as it slowly swings inwards.

> in
As you enter the cottage the door swings shut behind you. With a loud click
the door locks itself.

Hallway
There hallway is a mess, shoes and jackets in all shapes and sizes litter the
floor.  A barred window facing the garden, lets in a little sunlight. There
is a doorway to the north and a set of stairs leading upstairs. A large
reinforced door leads outside.

A coat stand, with a large bulging coat hanging on it, stands in a corner
here.

> get coat
You take the large coat, revealing a golden fleece underneath! You throw the
worthless coat on the floor.

> x fleece
The golden fleece is soft to the touch and smells faintly of wool. A small
label on the back tells you it can't be machine washed.

> get fleece
You take the golden fleece and put it in your sack.

> get rope
You untie the ropeand take it, as you never know when a long piece of rope
might come in handy.

> n
You move north.

Living Room
The living room has a large table set in the centre, with three chairs around
it. A tv with a coat hanger attached to the antenna stands on a small coffee
table in the corner, with a three-seater couch in front of it. To the south
there is a doorway, leading to the hallway, and to the east there is a
doorway leading to the kitchen.

> eat large bowl
You wolf down the large bowl of porridge. Luckily for you it appears to be
just the right temperature.

> get large spoon
You take the large golden spoon and put it in your sack.

> get small spoon
You take the small golden spoon and put it in your sack.

> get medium spoon
You take the medium golden spoon and put it in your sack.

> sit on couch
You sit down on the couch, but can't get comfortable. It feels like there is
something lumpy in the couch.

> look in hole
You look into the hole and see a sword hilt.

> take sword hilt from inside the hole in the three-seater couch
You grab the hilt and pull. And out comes a golden jewel encrusted short
sword!

> e
You move east.

Kitchen
The kitchen has not been cleaned for years by the looks of it. Several piles
of dirty dishes are in the sink, and the counter tops as well as the oven are
all covered in various greasy stains. A refrigerator stands in one corner.
There is a doorway to the west leading to the living room. A trapdoor is set
in the floor here .

A bottle of Extra Hot Tabasco Sauce lies dripping on the counter, where a
small hole is quickly forming.

> get tabasco
You take the bottle of Tabasco Sauce, carefuly not to spill any on yourself.

> open fridge
You open the refrigerator.  A golden egg is inside the refrigerator.

> get egg
You take the golden egg from the refrigerator.

> pour tabasco on padlock
You pour half the bottle onto the padlock. Within minutes the sauce has eaten
away the padlock.

> open trapdoor
You open the tapdoor.

> d
You move down.

Dank Cellar
The cellar is rather small and dank, a small barred window lets in a little
light from outside. The walls are bare except for some chains that have been
stuck through a hoop in the wall. There is a slight bump in the middle of the
dirt floor.

> dig bump
You dig with your hands, and soon hit something. Brushing away some of the
dirt you find what appears to be several bones and three silver rings.

> get rings
You take the three rings and brush of some of the dirt before putting them in
your sack.

> u
You move up.

Kitchen
The kitchen has not been cleaned for years by the looks of it. Several piles
of dirty dishes are in the sink, and the counter tops as well as the oven are
all covered in various greasy stains. A refrigerator stands in one corner.
There is a doorway to the west leading to the living room. A trapdoor is set
in the floor here .

> w
You move west.

Living Room
The living room has a large table set in the centre, with three chairs around
it. A tv with a coat hanger attached to the antenna stands on a small coffee
table in the corner, with a three-seater couch in front of it. To the south
there is a doorway, leading to the hallway, and to the east there is a
doorway leading to the kitchen.

> s
You move south.

Hallway
There hallway is a mess, shoes and jackets in all shapes and sizes litter the
floor.  A barred window facing the garden, lets in a little sunlight. There
is a doorway to the north and a set of stairs leading upstairs. A large
reinforced door leads outside.

A coat stand stands in a corner here.

> u
You move up.

Large Bedroom
The large bedroom is a mess of clothes and crinkled food wrappers. The entire
room smells of unwashed socks and junk food grease. Three beds stand along
the eastern wall. A window with bars on the inside  lets some light into the
dingy room.

> pour tabasco on bars
You pour the rest of the bottle of Extra Hot Tabasco on the bars in front of
the window. Within seconds the bars are gone, except a tiny stub of one of
the bars.

> open window
You open the window.

> tie rope to bar
You quickly tie the tope to the small piece of bar poking out of the window
frame.

> climb down rope
You quickly climb down the rope and disappear into the forest. Another day,
another sack full of stolen loot, which is all in a days work for:
 Goldilocks - cat-burglar extraordinare!

This was my first attempt at an Interactive Fiction Game, hope you enjoyed
it.

  - L.C.N.
-------------------------------------------------------------------

Thanks to:
Jack "Kasabian" Meichan, Liquide and J  - The Brave Beta Testers.

Statistics:

It took you 31 turns to complete the game.
You scored 32 out of the maximum 35!
That is 91% of the game!
You finished 3 points short.

[Press any key to end]
