Loading game...

.

Intro
Whatever Happened
To
Uncle Grumble?

Do you require instructions (y/n) ?

> n
Who are you?

Who are you?
Before we start, let's just decide what type of hero you really are. Are you:

   a)  Tall and strapping, the type of fellow who strides through life
without a care in the world, content in the fact that, while others might
have the brains, he has the looks.

   b)  Average. The sort of hero who, in another existence, might find
employment as a brick wall or an amusing piece of scenery. In short, pretty
mundane.

   c)  Short and ugly. Not the ideal choice for a hero you might think, but
short and ugly sometimes wins through where tall and strapping doesn't.
People are more likely to take pity on you because of your obvious
shortcomings.

   Whatever your decision, make it now!

> a
   Done. You're tall, strapping, handsome and likely to get into more fights
than a professional boxer because the people of Harrenden take a serious
dislike to people like you.

   When you're ready, press a key and let the bloodshed begin...

Oscoe's Sleazepit

Oscoe's Sleazepit
You're in the main room of Oscoe's Sleazepit, reputed to be the hardest bar
in Stipplemoore (a reputation it easily lives up to). A singer stands on a
stage off to one side, murdering some folk song. Nearby a couple of orcs are
setting fire to a dwarf. Over by the bar, several dubious looking individuals
throw back pints of beer. All in all, not the best of surroundings for the
beginning of your adventure...

A flight of winding steps lead upwards, a door leads out and a corridor leads
east

Vulgur the bartender, Tarquin and Boswell are here.
Some Orcs are here.

> kill orcs
   "Get away from the dwarf, you piece of slime!" you say to one of your orcs
in your best 'hero' tone of voice.
   Neither of them seem very impressed by you.
   The biggest of them pulls out a dagger and says, "let's see how brave you
are minus a nose or two, human."
   And the fight is on...

   You lunge at the orcs and bash at them mightily with your sword. The fight
rages back and forth across the bar for a while, despite cries from Vulgur of
"Oi, don't you get the buggers' blood on me floor!" but in the end you manage
to finally get the better of them. The final count stands at you: 2, orcs: 0,
although you took more than your fair share of wounds during the tussle.

   "Thanks a bunch!" the dwarf says as the last of the orcs falls. "What the
'ell was all that in aid of?"
   "I just saved your life," you reply proudly.
   The dwarf sneers. "The hell you did! I was just about ter take 'em down
meself! Now you've only gone and made me look like a right wimp!" He pauses
to kick the corpses a couple of times then adds, "next time yer see me being
torched by a couple of evil buggers, leave me be. I can handle meself!"
   The ungrateful dwarf heads out of the Sleazepit, pausing only to nut an
unfortunate customer who holds the door open for him.
   "Some people are hard to please," you say with a sigh.

> x orcs
   Dead, if the truth be told. But your graverobbing instincts come to the
fore here and you swipe several coins from the pocket of one of the orcs.

> buy wine
   Vulgur takes your money card, swipes it along his bar, grunts "that'll do
nicely," and hands you a mug of wine.

> x card
   A slim piece of card which tells you, in a way that is quite magical and
incomprehensible to you, just how much money you have in the world. The
balance currently stands at 5 pieces of gold.

> i
   You have with you the sword bludrinker, your money card and a mug of wine.

> score
Your score is 6 out of a maximum of 404.  (1%)

> quit
Do you really want to quit? [Y/N]
