Loading game...

I Was a Teenage Headless Experiment
by Duncan Bowsman
*     *     *     *

... but he has the element of surprise and a bonesaw, and you do not.

I'm afraid you are dead!
You scored 0 out of the maximum 0!
That is 100% of the game!

[Press any key to continue]

ENTRYWAY
The only way in and out of the doctor's secret lair.  The only way out, back
into the freezing weather, is to the north, while a hallway leading farther
in slopes gradually downward to the south.  The area has the sterile look of
an unused hospital room, except for your headless body lying on the floor
here.  Your metal snow shovel lies next to you.  Gerchis looms over you with
a bonesaw and a blank expression.

The doctor's ugly servant finishes separating your head from your body and
tucks it under one of his lower arms.

Gerchis moves south.
HALLWAY JUNCTION
A gradual slope here indicates the floor is rising to the north and
descending further west.  Other than a trail of blood from your severed head,
the area is completely white.  A door stands in the western wall.

Gerchis opens the door and enters.
LAB
This is where the doctor plots his evil schemes!  The room is filled with
experimental equipment.  On one far wall is a raised metal tray of some sort.
 Equipment fills one other corner, but in another lies a syringe of glowing
serum!  It smells strongly of alcohol in here.

Gerchis shuts and locks the door behind him.  He places your head on a tray
along the far wall.

"Da doctor will be wit' ya soon as 'e returns from away, which should be any
minit now," says Gerchis.  "Tings are about to get pretty... heady... for
you!"  With a gadawful chortling, the doctor's servant disposes of the
bonesaw and goes to work at some equipment at your far right.

It is all you can do to even keep your eyes open ("look").

*        *        *        *
For credits, type about and press enter.  For hints, type hints and press
enter.
*        *        *        *

> get shovel
You fumble around until your hands close about the shaft of your metal snow
shovel.  It has a cold heft in your hands, like the certainty of death.

> s
Feeling your way around, you shamble south.

> w
THUD!  Your body smacks up against the door to the lab.  You can barely see
its outline through the frosted glass window.

"It's hopeless," Gerchis scolds you.  "Da door is locked.  Now sit tight, da
doctor will be wit' you shortly, ya?"

> break window
Your body smashes through the window with an elbow and throws the rest of the
door open.  Gerchis spins to meet it, but freezes on the spot.  His eyes dart
nervously toward the syringe of Formula X!

LAB (upon a metal tray)
This is where the doctor plots his evil schemes!  From your place on the
metal tray, you can see that the room is filled with experimental equipment.
Directly opposite of you is an old wooden door with a frosted glass window.
It smells strongly of alcohol in here.

Upon the floor here lies a glowing syringe of Formula X.
Gerchis is here, shocked stiff by your still-standing body in the doorway.

> kill gerchis
Crack!  You pank Gerchis's skull with the shovel and he falls to the floor,
strings cut, a dead puppet.

> get syringe
Your body takes the glowing syringe in hand...

> put head on body
You sit your head back upon your neck and seal it back together with a small
injection of Formula X.  A searing pain follows that jolts the whole of you--
you drop the syringe and it shatters on the floor.  You shiver in a painful
wholeness for a moment, but pull yourself together.

You will be okay.

> e
You move east.

HALLWAY JUNCTION
A gradual slope here indicates the floor is rising to the north and
descending further west.  Other than a trail of blood from your severed head,
the area is completely white.  A door stands in the western wall.

> n
You move north.

ENTRYWAY
The only way in and out of the doctor's secret lair.  The way out, back into
the freezing weather, is to the north, while while a hallway leading farther
in slopes gradually downward to the south.  The area has the sterile look of
an unused hospital room, except for your blood pooling all over the floor.

> n
You rush out of the door into the cold of Escanaba in a frantic search for
the highway.  You manage to hail a car and get to the police station with
your story.  At your prompting, they storm the doctor's lab and arrest him
for his heinous operations.

You may have saved the day, but still no-one will ever completely believe the
horrifying extent of the time you spent as a teenage headless experiment!
