Loading game...

Can I do it?
        IMPORTANT INFO:Hello and thanks for trying out my game. This game has
been tested and checked many times, although if you see any errors, please
e-mail me at nsiamas5@hotmail.com. This is a short adventure which if done
correctly will take no longer than 10 minutes. A few notes, if at anytime you
become stuck, try asking the other character in the game. It uses the ask ""
about "" format. (Ex. ask Fung about card key) Although, if this isn't
enough, I have two walkthroughs, one is a list of all the things you must
type, in order to access this one, type short. My second one works like a
walkthrough, telling you what to do, to access this one type basic. One final
thing, there is a secret thing you can do which is not mentioned in the
walkthroughs. It gives you one point so until you do it you'll never reach
the maximum score. Trust me though, it isn't too hard to do. I've taken up
too much time already, enjoy the game.

------------------------------------------------------------------------------
--------------------------------
        As I enter my throat starts to get dry. My hand twitches a little,
but I know what I'm here for. Mr. White, the store's clerk, is reading a
magazine. His face is buried in it so he doesn't notice me. I swallow hard, I
start to sweat. I tell myself to calm down, but it's hard. I pull myself
together right as Mr. White looks up from his magazine. He gives me a grin,
and then continues to read his magazine. I look down at my bag, and my
wallet. I know what to do, the question is,  Can I do it?

Market Front
The fluorescent lights make a strange buzzing sound as they give off a white
light. The counter sits at the front of the room, behind it is the old
shopkeeper Mr. White. This is a one room market, with a small stand with
treats on it. To my right is an automatic door. There is a pretty big cash
register on the counter. South is the back of the store.

> buy candy bar
I pay Mr. White the money and get the snickel bar.

> give candy bar to Mr.White
I hand the candy bar to Mr. White. He looks at it for a second, and then
says, "For me?" I nod my head as if to say yes. His face seemed to brighten
as he takes the candy bar. He smiles and thanks me. He eats the candy bar
quickly, sits back down and continues to read his magazine.

> s
I move south.

Back of shop
As I step behind the big rack of food supplies, I see many things. I see
another rack of food. I see some magazines, and some coolers. From this
angle, Mr. White can't see me. North is the Market's front.

> w
I move west.

Supply closet
This is a back room where all the supplies are kept. There is a bundle of old
bags used for carrying groceries, and a crate full of other things. There
also is a toilet. East is the back of the store.

> take bag
I take the paper bag.

> wear bag
the bag fits on easily, and the holes make it easy to see!

> open crate
I open the crate.  A rope is inside the crate.

> take rope
I take the rope from the crate.

> e
I move east.

Back of shop
As I step behind the big rack of food supplies, I see many things. I see
another rack of food. I see some magazines, and some coolers. From this
angle, Mr. White can't see me. North is the Market's front.

> lift rack
I start to lift up the rack. Surely enough there is a gun.

> take gun
I take the gun from the rack.

> x rack
A rack of food.   A checker mix is on the rack.

> take checker mix
I take the checker mix from the rack.

> n
I move north.

Market Front
The fluorescent lights make a strange buzzing sound as they give off a white
light. The counter sits at the front of the room, behind it is the old
shopkeeper Mr. White. This is a one room market, with a small stand with
treats on it. To my right is an automatic door. There is a pretty big cash
register on the counter. South is the back of the store.

> buy checker mix
I go up to the register and buy the checker mix. It was 2 dollars.

> threaten white
I pull out the pistol and threaten Mr. White, he freaks out and says, "Okay!
Okay! Just don't shoot!" He then lies down and panics.

> tie up white
I tie up Mr. White with the rope.

> open cash register
I quickly open the register, revealing cash!

> take cash
Great! Now that I have what I want, I'd better leave.

> e
I move east.

The Way Out
All I have to do is step on the mat and my heist will be complete.

> step on mat
I step on the mat....

You scored 8 out of the maximum 8!
That is 100% of the game!
Well done - you scored maximum points!

[Press any key to end]
