Loading game...

Steve Van Helsing: Process Server

Luxor, Egypt

The crumbling walls of the crypt glow as the light from your torch spills out
over them. You dash forward, through the thick cobwebs that stretch across
the narrow passage, the figure in front of you limping towards the light at
the end of the tunnel.

"Stop, beast!" you scream at the mummy.

You hurtle yourself through the air and onto the creature's back, both of you
collapsing forward through the light and falling onto the sandy floor of the
cavernous treasure room. You try to pin the mummy down but it slides out of
your grasp and charges towards the golden casket on the other side of the
room. You push yourself up from the dusty ground and run after it with all of
the grit and determination that comes with your distinguished lineage.

"Stop right there," the mummy bellows as it reaches the casket. "If I open
the lid on this tomb, it'll unleash the ferocious hellbeast known as Retykka
upon the world! In mere hours Earth would be engulfed in flames that no drop
of water could put out and the armies of Ra would rise once again to wipe out
the remnants of humanity. Retykka would then build a spaceship out of the
bones of all the humans butchered and use it to fly around the galaxy,
burning up more planets before entually conquering the universe and then
eating it."

You stand in silence for a few moments before finally putting your hands on
your hips and sighing. "Alright, you win. I'll leave you in peace."

The mummy lifts his hand off of the tomb and a faint smile can be seen
forming under his gauze. "I'll give you credit though, I get a lot of people
coming here trying to kill me and you're up there with the best. It's been a
few hundred years since I've had a fight as good as this one. Most monster
hunters - they barge in here, waving their guns around and chanting gibberish
- I just breathe some locusts on them and they're done. You were a pro, I
couldn't phone in it tonight."

You smile and step forward, raising your wrist for a congratulatory
handshake. "Thanks for the kind words, man. Doesn't bruise my ego as much to
lose to a gentleman like yourself."

The mummy shuffles forward and grabs your outstretched hand in good
sportsmanship. You let go of the paper hidden in your palm and slide your
hand back leaving the mummy looking down in confusion at the form now in his
hand.

"You've been served, kemosabe," you grin at him. "You're due to appear at
your divorce hearing in Cairo on May 26th."

"What!?" the mummy groans as he steps back to sit down on the golden casket.
"I thought you were cool, man. Do you know how long I've been dodging this
divorce? Now I'm going to have to lose half of my stuff to that woman. She's
probably going to get this golden casket, she's been eying it since we
started dating."

"Not my problem," you reply as you spin around and begin walking towards the
exit.

The mummy looks up from the subpoena and watches as you walk out of sight. He
sighs and pulls his cellphone out from within his wrappings, calling his
lawyer to discuss his next move.

You step out into the hot Egyptian sun and throw on your most badass pair of
sunglasses. You light up a cigarette and blow some smoke into the air, then
cough because you never enjoyed smoking you just do it after particularily
cool moments. Resting on a stone slab next to the temple entrance is your
leather jacket which you grab with your dust-covered hands. In one smooth
motion you slide into the jacket, turning around ever so slightly to reveal
the words embroidered in big bold letters on the back:

Steve Van Helsing:
Process Server

Then you take the jacket off because it's really, really hot out.

Miami
48 Hours Later

Standing atop one of Van Helsing castle's mighty towers, you watch over the
sultry and seductive beaches of Miami with your protective eye. While the
castle had stood tall for generations in its native Amsterdam, you felt that
Europe was "too depressing" and had the entire structure helicoptered over to
the sexy Miami coastline where it now stands sandwiched between one of P.
Diddy's bungalows and a Pizza Hut.

The theme to Night Court begins playing out of your pocket, your cellphone
ringtone. "This is Steve Van Helsing, state your business," you say into the
phone as you pull it up to your face.

"No time for pleasantries, eh Steve," the familar voice of your boss Jojo
chuckles on the other end. "I'm just calling to say good work on the mummy
job. It sounds like he's willing to deal with this whole divorce mess."

"I've served mummies before, it's not hard," you reply. "They're only scared
of two things: cats and subpoenas. You got either one and they'll fold faster
than a house of cards."

Jojo nods on the other end which you're somehow able to hear. "Sounds like
you could use a challenge then."

"Wait a minute," you sigh. "I thought this was just a check-in call? You're
not about to offer a job are you?"

"I know you said you wanted time off so you could start practicing for that
chili cookoff but this is a high priority mission," Jojo explains as you hear
him shuffle through some of the papers on his desk. "It's the Wolfman - he's
due in court."

You rest the phone against your chest for a moment and curse at the night
sky. "You know I don't like to work with the Wolfman," you growl at Jojo.
"Werewolves have a flagrant disrespect for law and order. The last wolf I
subpoeaned showed up late for the Capitol Hill hearing he was ordered to
attend and clearly did not want to be there. I mean, what's the point of
serving them in the first place if they're going to be so rude about it?"

"You're the only man who can do this, I’ve got Frankenstein’s monster
infiltrated into the party already and he’s willing to help you and only you
out," Jojo pleads. "You're a Van Helsing, it's in your blood to hunt down and
serve subpoenas to monsters."

You look over at the chili pot and "kiss the chef" apron sitting on a chair
in the corner of the tower. "Sorry chili. I guess you're going to have to
wait."

Outside Apartment
You're standing in the narrow hallway outside of apartment 216, the current
home of the furry little creature known as the Wolfman. Loud thumping techno
music can be heard emitting from the door along with bloodcurling howls and
shrieks so either someone's listening to a particularily disturbing Daft Punk
album or a monster party is currently being held inside.

> show badge to the peephole
With your trusty badge pushed against the peephole, you knock a couple of
more times on the door. You can hear the sound of monster muttering as your
identity is quickly deduced and the door slowly opens revealing a slightly
peeved gargoyle on the other side.

"What can I do for ya," the gargoyle mutters trying not to make eye contact
with you.

"I'm here to see the Wolfman, I'd like to come in," you explain as you
repocket your badge.

The gargoyle's wings flick at you - a very rude gesture in Gargoylian culture
- but he opens the door and lets you in.

> look

Living Room
The shag carpeted-floor of the Wolfman's living room thumps along with the
bass bellowing out of a massive pair of speakers next to the plasma screen TV
. Dozens of monsters fill the room and mingle with each other, cans of beers
in their furry paws and bits of chewed up humans in their jagged teeth.
Sitting on a sofa in the darkend corner of the room is your old friend
Dracula sipping from a goblet full of blood and making idle chit chat with a
headless goblin.

The makeshift dance floor in the center of the room is currently unoccupied.

A curtain of beads lead East into the kitchen.

> take beads
You slide off a handful of beads from the curtain and pocket them discretely.
A ghoul who witnessed your theft raises his glass to you in a toast for
making a stand against ugly beaded decorations.

> play 4
Rush's Tom Sawyer - once voted the 4th greatest song ever made by a Canadian
prog-rock group by Rolling Stone magazine - begins to play from the speakers
and the world becomes a much better place.

> east
You move east.

Kitchen
With Rush's Tom Sawyer billowing in from the living room, Frankenstein's
monster has once again regained his composure as Geddy Lee's sweet vocals
bring him back to reality.

You can go back West to the living room.

> ask frankenstein about wolfman
"Hey Frankie, now that the mighty vocals of Geddy Lee have calmed you down,
do you think you could get Wolfman out into the open?"

"Absolutely," he replies now calm and collected. "I must apologize for my
behvaiour before; I caught a glimpse of some embers in someone's snuff pipe
and I got a bit rowdy as I'm wont to do."

Frankenstein's monster waddles off further into the apartment while you stay
in the kitchen and eat some of the Wolfman's homemade peanut brittle.

After a few minutes, Frankenstein's monster returns. "Alright, I convinced
the Wolfman to come out and bust some moves upon the dance floor. Good luck
in your quest to serve him, my friend."

> west
You move west.

Living Room
The shag carpeted-floor of the Wolfman's living room thumps along with the
bass bellowing out of a massive pair of speakers next to the plasma screen TV
. Dozens of monsters fill the room and mingle with each other, cans of beers
in their furry paws and bits of chewed up humans in their jagged teeth.
Sitting on a sofa in the darkend corner of the room is your old friend
Dracula sipping from a goblet full of blood and making idle chit chat with a
headless goblin.

The Wolfman has finally made an appearance at his own party and is currently
dancing up a hairy storm on the dance floor.

A curtain of beads lead East into the kitchen.

> put beads on dance floor

You shake the beads in your fist like a pair of lucky dice and roll them
across the dance floor and watch as they slide under the Wolfman's hairy paws
and send him flying up in the air. The entire party goes silent and watches
in shock as he lands with a thud on the floor and howls out in pain.

With Rush’s Tom Sawyer soundtracking the glorious moment, you slap the
subpoena in the barely conscious Wolfman’s paw and tell him that he has to be
in court because he refused to put on a pair of pants when he went to a
dinner theater production of Hamlet last month. He growls in acknowledgement
and then shuffles over to get a cup of punch and contemplate the night’s
events.

Your work is done so you tip your non-existent hat to the rest of the
monsters at the party and then leave without saying another word.

The night is young...there are still many monsters out there waiting to be
summoned to court to face punishment for their minor crimes. With subpoenas
in hand, you will leap from rooftop to rooftop throught  the moonlit night,
ready to strike a mighty fist right through the heart of injustice. Monsters,
you have been warned - your day in court is coming and you will be legally
obligated to come.

But not tonight. You’re tired and you’re going to sleep.
