Loading game...

Heroes Are Interesting Things To Be...

Outside Your House
Off to your east is your garage. South of here is Main Street.  You can move
east and south.

> s
You move south.

Main Street
Cars zip by on their separate ways. How DARE they be so frivolous?! You've
been locked out of your house! Maybe you should have a drink at the pub to
calm your nerves...  You can move north and west.

> w
You move west.

Outside the Pub
Patrick's Pub. Ah, so many memories... not all of them pleasant, though. Like
the time you got drunk and tried to date a coat stand. Oh, well.  You can
move east and in.

> in
You move in.

Inside the Pub
The scent of vomit was never an attractive smell. Pat's obviously on
vacation. He would've cleaned up any thrown cookies by the time they'd hit
the floor. No-one's here. That's odd, not even a replacement barkeep or a
"We're Closed" sign. Hmmm... Oh well. There is a table here.  You can only
move out.

> drink beer
You down the beer and look down. You're melting into a puddle! Soon you've
melted completely. You drip through the floor...

What the...?
This place is messed up. Not only is everything the opposite color it should
be, but half of the stuff's all floating in midair! There are some floating
words here. Maybe they should be read... There is a hole in the ceiling, but
it's too far up to reach.  Also here is a green laser gun and a weird
costume.

> get gun
You take the green laser gun.

> get costume
You take the weird costume.

> wear costume
You put on the weird costume.

> fly
You jump into the air and stay there. Hey! You're flying! Must be the boots.
You soar through the hole and leave the odd place.

A new world...
This must be the world where that whatever-his-name-is robot's hiding. This
part of it doesn't look very friendly, but it IS the city. The tall buildings
look rather cracked, as if airplanes had flown into them. There is also a
small machine stuck to the wall of a building.  You can only move south.

> pull lever
Suddenly, a piece of plastic pops out of a slot in the machine. It's an ID
card! You pocket it quickly.

> s
You move south.

Outside A Warehouse
There is a large rectangular building here. The door is a large metal
shutter. There is another small machine next to the door.  A muscular cop is
here.  You can only move north.

> swipe card
The large shutter slowly grinds open after you swipe the card through the
slot. You enter the warehouse as the shutter closes once more

> shoot alien
The alien is blown into little Alien McNuggets.

> press button
As you press the button, a loud blaring alarm goes off. Nerve gas sprays into
the room, knocking you unconscious. While you're knocked out, the police come
and throw you in jail.

> open door
What the? The door isn't locked! You take the opportunity to sroll right out
of the cell.

The Jail Lobby
This is where people who want to tell a cop something come to wait. It's
painted gray, brown and black. A cop sleeps face down on his keyboard.  A
sleeping cop is here.  You can move north and out.

> out
You move out.

A Back Road
It's a long, winding back road behind the city, just outside the police
station. It leads past a farm, a field, and over a hill.  You can move north
and in.

> n
You move north.

On the Road
It's just a dirt road. The farm is to the west, the field is to the east, and
the road continues north.  You can move east, south and west.

> n
You can't go in that direction, but you can move east, south and west.

> w
You move west.

The Farm
It's a relatively large farm. There's a barn, the farmer's house and a cow
pasture. A farmer is busily trying to fix a large something (it's covered by
a tarp)  You can move east and in.

> in
You move in.

The Barn
It's just light enough to let you see the general state of disrepair that
this barn is in. The paint is peeling, the boards are cracked, and there's
cobwebs everywhere. There's something up high in the rafters, but you can't
quite see it. How would you be able to get up next to it?...  You can only
move out.

> fly
You fly up to the rafters. There's a small trapdoor. You push it open and fly
into the room above.

> take orb
As you take the orb, it pulses. Suddenly, you feel like you're being
stretched and twisted. You see the hayloft being distorted and finally
disappearing from your view. Where you end up is much, much worse than the
hayloft... You fall into a laboratory. VgeF3 looms in front of you. "So ,
they sent someone to find me, eh? Well hero, you found me, but you'll never
defeat me!" he yells. He starts zapping you with an odd gun.  The ray flows
over you. It hurts!

> throw orb
You lob the orb underhand through the air. VGeF3 stares in horror as it
smashes to bits against the floor. Suddenly, a blue spark jumps from his
body. The ray that he had turned on you  suddenly dissipates. You watch as
more sparks come from him. After about 10 seconds, he explodes. As he
explodes, you are pulled from the lab onto yet another world. The scientists
who created the robot thank you profusely for your trouble, and send you back
to Earth. When you get home, you realize that your keys are still in the
house. Suddenly, the keys drop at your feet. Looking up into the night sky,
you say "Thanks, guys." And as you unlock the door, you hear a faint "It's
the least we could do, Rob. See you later!"

[Press any key to end]
