Loading game...

The House Husband

I woke up with my legs at a strange angle behind me, and my head crammed
against something soft, but not soft enough. Shifting my weight, I notice I'm
on the sofa instead of in bed. I crack open my eyes and wince - the window is
bright - it must be late morning at least. Pain throbs in my temples, and the
dryness of my throat makes me cough, as, sitting up, I try to straighten my
stiff neck.

Rubbish is strewn about the room - remains of a dinner of beer and crisps,
looks like. I put my hand down and feel crumbs crunching under my weight. I
stand up in annoyance, slowly, unfurling my joints to a little tune of creaks
and pops. Oh, god. What a mess. How did this happen? I try to remember how I
came to be on the couch, how I came to drink all that beer on my own - in
fact anything at all from last night, or even the past few days.

The only sound in the room, besides my careful breathing, is the ticking of
my watch.

(For more information type 'Info' or 'Walkthrough')

> look

Living room
The living room is decorated in cream and white - Marta's great redecorating
project last year. A white leather sofa faces a wide-screen television. A
sash window looks out on the front garden, screened by dainty net curtains,
and shelves on the wall behind the sofa holds a variety of knick-knacks.
There are a couple of paintings on the walls. Cream-carpeted stairs lead up
to the next storey, and the kitchen is through an archway to the north. The
front door is closed, and faces south.

Also here is a bottle of tiger beer, a bottle of chardonnay and a bottle of
cheap whiskey.

> take tiger
I take the bottle of tiger beer.

> take chardonnay
I take the bottle of chardonnay.

> take whiskey
I take the bottle of cheap whiskey.

> x tv
The TV is one of the few additions to this home that was my choice. It is a
Panasonic wide-screen with a built-in video player (I really should upgrade
to a DVD, but haven't bothered yet). It rests on a small pine stand.  A can
of budweiser is on the tv.

> take bud
I take the can of budweiser from the tv.

> x stand
The pine TV stand holds the TV and has a small shelf underneath.  A video
tape and a packet of walkers are on the TV stand.

> take walkers
I take the packet of walkers from the TV stand.

> look under stand
I get down on my knees and look under the stand. There's a couple cigarette
butts under there. Strange - I don't smoke anymore. But I pick them up
anyway.

> x sofa
The sofa is a three-seater, taking up a large part of the middle of the
living room. Marta bought it from a sofa-shop in Kensington. Her new salary
has been kitting our terrace out in a manner not really fitting to its size.
On the sofa is a can of fosters, a can of becks and some crumbs.

> take fosters
I take the can of fosters from the sofa.

> take becks
I take the can of becks from the sofa.

> take crumbs
I take the crumbs from the sofa.

> n
I move north.

Kitchen
The kitchen is Marta's pride and joy. Although she never actually cooks, she
does love to buy food. The whole room was gutted only months after we moved
in, two years ago, and replaced in a modern style of brushed steel and
marble.

A chopping block takes up much of the centre of the room. A counter runs
along one wall with a sink, and a small window above. Two cupboards and two
drawers are below the counters, and two cupboards are above it. On the
opposite wall are the ceramic hob and fan oven, and a retro fridge/freezer
(which I do like quite a bit).

There is a bad smell in here.

Also here is the bin.

> put all in bin
I drop the can of Foster's into the bin.
I put the can of Becks into the bin.
The empty bottle of Tiger beer is chucked into the bin.
I throw the bottle of Bud in the bin.
The bottle clanks as I drop the Chardonnay in the bin.
I drop the empty packet of Walker's crisps into the bin.
I drop the crumbs in the bin, and dust off my hands.
The bottle of whiskey slides into the bin.
The cigarette butts disappear into the bin. I find myself wondering if there
are any unsmoked cigarettes around.

> take bin
I take the bin.

> s
I move south.

Living room
The living room is decorated in cream and white - Marta's great redecorating
project last year. A white leather sofa faces a wide-screen television. A
sash window looks out on the front garden, screened by dainty net curtains,
and shelves on the wall behind the sofa holds a variety of knick-knacks.
There are a couple of paintings on the walls. Cream-carpeted stairs lead up
to the next storey, and the kitchen is through an archway to the north. The
front door is closed, and faces south.

> x stairs
The stairs are carpeted in the same cream carpet Marta picked out for the
entire house (except the kitchen). There is no bannister. A picture hangs
above the stairs.  Some dirty tissues are on the stairs.

> take tissues
I take the dirty tissues from the stairs.

> put tissues in bin
The dirty tissues are now in the bin.

> up
I move up.

Bedroom
Our bedroom - supposedly the room of passion, or at least of contented
companionship, for married couples. The bed is dishevelled - I obviously
slept in here at some point in the past few days, although I can't remember
doing so. Satin sheets and that damned expensive silk bedspread. Flaunting
all the rules, I had not bothered to place it carefully at the foot of the
bed before going to sleep.

The room is small, and, like the living room, decorated with cream carpet and
white walls. A pine dresser faces the bed, at it's foot, and a matching
nightstand is next to the bed. The door to the bathroom, to the west, is
ajar.

> make bed
I pull up the sheets, smoothing them and even folding the corners. Plump up
pillows and draw shamefully exotic bedspread over the lot - done.

> look under bed
I lift up the bedspread, move the sheets aside, and finally the pillows.
There's something here, something I want, I just can't quite remember what.
Ah, that's it. Reaching under the far pillow, I pick up a letter.

> look behind dresser
For some strange reason, I decide to look behind the dresser. Why, I'll never
know. Pushing the chest back from the wall, so I can see the floor down its
length reveals a small photograph amid lint balls - it must have fallen down
there ages ago. I gingerly pick it up.

> read letter
19/04
Cairo

Dear M (it says)

My ravishing darling, delight to me. I can't think of you without feeling so
lost. I want to see you now - this very day, this very hour! Tell me you are
coming back soon.

My work is going well, although the oil rigs are soon to be closed, and I am
to move to Brazil for the new company. Perhaps you have a trip planned to
Brazil soon? Let me know, then I have something to look forward to, dearest.

I haven't heard from you for 2 weeks now - I worry and wonder what you are
doing all this time.

I'm sorry if my english isn't good today - you must teach me how to speak
better, so I can express myself to you in passionate words.

Your only lover,

C

Somehow, this letter does not surprise me, and somehow it does not make me
angry. This 'C' is Marta's only lover, I now realise. At least, there's no
competition from me. I want to feel angry though - I want to feel wounded so
I can have some reason to pity myself, instead of just loathing myself.

> w
I move west.

Bathroom
The bathroom is small and pretty average. A toilet. A sink with a mirror
above it. A shower. There's a hamper in the corner.

Also here are some dirty clothes and some unrolled toilet paper.

> sit on toilet
I sit on the toilet, do my thing and flush.

> take cleaner
I take the toilet cleaner.

> put cleaner in toilet
I squirt some toilet duck cleaner in the toilet bowl.

> take toilet brush
I take the toilet brush.

> clean toilet
I vigorously scrub the toilet inside and flush the cleaner down.

> x shower
The shower is a glass stall, with a shower head and knob. It's a power
shower.

> pull knob
I pull on the knob and the shower comes on. I drop everything and step into
the shower, which is deliciously warm and massaging. I stay under it longer
than I should - much longer than normal - enjoying the cleansing feeling.
Marta and I have had one or two good times in this shower, although after the
one or two times, she decided it was too cramped for two. My showers got
shorter and shorter after that.

> push knob
Pushing the knob turns the shower off. I find a towel and quickly dry myself,
shivering a bit.
I can see goosepimples all over my bare flesh.

> look

Bathroom
The bathroom is small and pretty average. A toilet. A sink with a mirror
above it. A shower. There's a hamper in the corner.

Also here is my watch, the bin, some dirty clothes, some unrolled toilet
paper, some toilet cleaner, a toilet brush, a photograph, my t-shirt, my
jeans, my socks and my trainers.

> take watch
I take my watch.

> wear watch
I put on my watch.

> take t-shirt
I take my t-shirt.
I'm beginning to wish I was fully clothed.

> wear t-shirt
I put on my t-shirt.

> take jeans
I take my jeans.
I can see goosepimples all over my bare flesh.

> wear jeans
I step into my jeans, and zip them up carefully.

> take socks
I take my socks.

> wear socks
I put on my socks.

> take trainers
I take my trainers.

> wear trainers
I put on my trainers.

> take bin
I take the bin.

> take dirty clothes
I take the dirty clothes.

> take unrolled toilet paper
I take the unrolled toilet paper.

> put paper in toilet
I put the unrolled toilet paper inside the toilet.

> flush toilet
I flush the toilet paper down.

> put dirty clothes in hamper
I put the dirty clothes in the hamper.

> e
I move east.

Bedroom
Our bedroom - supposedly the room of passion, or at least of contented
companionship, for married couples. The bed is nicely made up now, with its
satin sheets smoothed tight, and the silk bedspread pulled up evenly.

The room is small, and, like the living room, decorated with cream carpet and
white walls. A pine dresser faces the bed, at it's foot, and a matching
nightstand is next to the bed. The door to the bathroom, to the west, is
ajar. The bedroom looks much tidier now.

> d
I move down.

Living room
The living room is decorated in cream and white - Marta's great redecorating
project last year. A white leather sofa faces a wide-screen television. A
sash window looks out on the front garden, screened by dainty net curtains,
and shelves on the wall behind the sofa holds a variety of knick-knacks.
There are a couple of paintings on the walls. Cream-carpeted stairs lead up
to the next storey, and the kitchen is through an archway to the north. The
front door is closed, and faces south.

> look behind sofa
There is a broken tile on the carpet behind the sofa. I pick it up. It's from
one of Marta's business trips to Morocco. It must have fallen off the shelf.

> put tile on shelf
I put the tile on the shelf, arranging it so that the break cannot be seen
easily. Hopefully Marta won't try to pick it up anytime soon.

> n
I move north.

Kitchen
The kitchen is Marta's pride and joy. Although she never actually cooks, she
does love to buy food. The whole room was gutted only months after we moved
in, two years ago, and replaced in a modern style of brushed steel and
marble.

A chopping block takes up much of the centre of the room. A counter runs
along one wall with a sink, and a small window above. Two cupboards and two
drawers are below the counters, and two cupboards are above it. On the
opposite wall are the ceramic hob and fan oven, and a retro fridge/freezer
(which I do like quite a bit).

There is a bad smell in here.

> x block
The square chopping block is a seperate unit, and sits in the middle of the
kitchen. It has a wooden surface (for chopping), and a space for vegetable
baskets underneath.

> x baskets
The vegetable basket is made of wicker.  Some rotten vegetables are inside
the vegetable basket.

> take vegetables
I take the rotten vegetables from the vegetable basket.

> put vegetables in bin
In the rotten vegetables go. Phew! The bin is not very big, its going to fill
up soon.

> x counter
The counters are smooth black marble.  The dirty dishes and some fairy liquid
are on the counter.

> x sink
The sink is stainless steel - so far unscratched. There's a tap to be turned
on and off.  A cloth is inside the sink.

> take fairy liquid
I take the fairy liquid from the counter.

> take cloth
I take the cloth from the sink.

> turn on tap
I turn the tap on to a warm setting and turn it off when the sink fills.

> put fairy liquid in sink
I dribble some Fairy liquid in the sink.

> wash dirty dishes
I wash all the dishes with the cloth and put the mugs, pint glasses, bowls,
plates and silverware on the counter next to the sink, where they lay,
soaking wet.

> x right drawer
The right drawer has a few odds and ends.  The right drawer is open.  The
drying-up cloth is inside the right drawer.

> take drying-up cloth
I take the drying-up cloth from the right drawer.

> dry clean dishes
I dry the clean dishes with the Leaning Tower tea-towel, buffing them to a
high shine.

> x lower right cupboard
There are some stainless-steel, copper-bottom pots and pans in here,
including the saucepan I normally use to make baked beans or soup.  The right
lower cupboard is closed.

> open lower right cupboard
I open the right lower cupboard.  A saucepan is inside the right lower
cupboard.

> take saucepan
I take the saucepan from the right lower cupboard.

> x upper right cupboard
There are cans, bottles and packets of food in here. Maybe I can eat bit a of
food now.  The right upper cupboard is closed.

> open upper right cupboard
I open the right upper cupboard.  A tin can of Baxter's is inside the right
upper cupboard.

> take tin can
I take the tin can of Baxter's from the right upper cupboard.

> x left drawer
There is a cultery holder in this drawer with some silverware inside.  The
left drawer is open.  A can opener is inside the left drawer.

> take can opener
I take the can opener from the left drawer.

> open tin can with can opener
I put the can opener on the minestrone soup can, and turn the lever. A lovely
smell of tomato and garlic wafts out.

> put soup in pan
The soup slides easy out of the can and into the saucepan. I throw the can
into the bin.

> press on
I press the 'on' button.
The hob is starts glowing red.

> put saucepan on hob
I put the saucepan, with the soup in it, on the hob. From past experience I
know how easily it burns on this hob - I'll have to move it once its done, to
another part of the hob.
The soup starts boiling.

> x hob
The hob is ceramic, flush with the countertops. I've been admonished many
times not to drop things on it, or scratch it. I can turn it on by touching
the panel at the side.  A saucepan is on the hob.

> x panel
The touch-panel allows me to turn on the hob rings. There's an on and an off
button.

> move pan
I move the saucepan to a cool part of the hob. Ah, this will be good. I dig a
spoon out of the left drawer and eat soup directly out of the pan (well, at
least it wasn't out of the can, although if they ever sell soup in
microwavable cans, anything is possible). When I finish, the can goes in the
bin, the pan and spoon are quickly washed and dried, and I'm feeling in
slightly better spirits.
A whiff of smoke comes from somewhere.

> press off
I press the 'off' button.

> w
I move west.

Dining room
The dining room leads off the kitchen to the west, and just fits a large pine
table with six chairs. A tall potted palm of some variety sits in the corner.
Another of my old paintings is on the wall. Sliding glass doors lead out to
the garden to the north.

> x table
The table is sanded pine, rustic, with a large round leg in the middle.  Some
dirty paper towels and a phonebook are on the table.

> take paper towels
I take the dirty paper towels from the table.

> x paper towels
The dirty paper towels are in a clump.  A stained knife is inside the dirty
paper towels.

> put paper towels in bin
I put the dirty paper towels in the bin.

> n
I move north.

Garden
The garden is a good size, mostly lawn although there is a mulberry tree in
one corner, an apple tree a bit further along, and some flower beds around
the edges. A tall fence surrounds the garden, and I can't see anything beyond
it. There's a shed to the east.

Also here is a watering can.

> take watering can
I take the watering can.

> e
I move east.

Outside the shed
The garden shed was here when we bought the place. It's a bit shabby. I'm
sure Marta's next project will be to get a new one, or some kind of
conservatory. Oh well, DIY keeps me busy anyway, even if she does complain
that it takes me to long and I do less-than-perfect work. The sight of the
shed makes me shudder - the dark interior, cobwebs and cramped space never
appealed to me much. Today, I'm feeling particularly disinclined toward it,
with no real good reason. I face the latched door to the east. Next to the
door is a coiled hose.

> x hose
A hose is hooked up to a small tap on the shed. There's a nozzle on the end,
which turns on and off.

> turn on hose
I turn the nozzle on and water gushes out.

> put water in watering can
I fill up the watering can with water.

> e
I move east.

Shed interior
I flip the latch and open the door, which creaks and scrapes along the
concrete floor. It is dark in here, although the sunshine pouring in through
the door allows me to see shadowy piles of stuff. There are cobwebs hanging
off the ceiling. The shed's normal musty odour pricks at my nose, but there's
an overtone of some other smells. A couple wheelie bins stand to the side of
the door.

Also here is some pizza.

> take pizza
I take the pizza.

> x pizza
The partial pizza is starting to go green with mould. It smells of a
combination of garlic, tomato and something rotten.

Suddenly I remember this pizza. Marta cooked this, the day before she left -
of course, she likes this gourmet type of pizza, three times the cost of your
average Goodfellas or Tombstone. In fact, it seems I was in here, and she
came in, eating the pizza - but why? And what happened after that? And why is
the pizza on the floor?

Well, whatever it was must've been so boring I forgot it.

> put pizza in bin
I gingerly drop the pizza in the bin.

> dump bin in wheelie
Hefting the full bin, I dump its contents into the wheelie bin.

> x large box
It's a large box.  The large box is open.  A hammock is inside the large box.

> take hammock
I take the hammock from the large box.

> w
I move west.

Outside the shed
The garden shed was here when we bought the place. It's a bit shabby. I'm
sure Marta's next project will be to get a new one, or some kind of
conservatory. Oh well, DIY keeps me busy anyway, even if she does complain
that it takes me to long and I do less-than-perfect work. The sight of the
shed makes me shudder - the dark interior, cobwebs and cramped space never
appealed to me much. Today, I'm feeling particularly disinclined toward it,
with no real good reason. I face the latched door to the east. Next to the
door is a coiled hose.

> w
I move west.

Garden
The garden is a good size, mostly lawn although there is a mulberry tree in
one corner, an apple tree a bit further along, and some flower beds around
the edges. A tall fence surrounds the garden, and I can't see anything beyond
it. There's a shed to the east.

> tie hammock to mulberry tree
I tie one end of the hammock to the mulberry tree trunk.

> tie hammock to apple tree
I tie one end of the hammock to the trunk of the apple tree.

> s
I move south.

Dining room
The dining room leads off the kitchen to the west, and just fits a large pine
table with six chairs. A tall potted palm of some variety sits in the corner.
Another of my old paintings is on the wall. Sliding glass doors lead out to
the garden to the north.

> water palm
I water the palm until the soil is covered by about 1/2 inch of water.

> e
I move east.

Kitchen
The kitchen is Marta's pride and joy. Although she never actually cooks, she
does love to buy food. The whole room was gutted only months after we moved
in, two years ago, and replaced in a modern style of brushed steel and
marble.

A chopping block takes up much of the centre of the room. A counter runs
along one wall with a sink, and a small window above. Two cupboards and two
drawers are below the counters, and two cupboards are above it. On the
opposite wall are the ceramic hob and fan oven, and a retro fridge/freezer
(which I do like quite a bit).

It smells much better in here now that those rotten vegetables are gone.

> water plants
I carefully water the plants on the window sill.
Proudly I survey my work on the house and garden. Everything looks pretty
much back to normal. I feel a sense of satisfaction, but when I think of
Marta walking in the front door, setting down her suitcase, and sighing with
jet-lag, I know she won't even notice. She expects the house to be clean all
the time. She won't say a word - after all, it's the only job I have right
now, keeping her house clean.

At least she doesn't expect me to cook. Or have her children. Sighing, I go
to the hammock in the garden. At least now I can have a little rest.

Flopping into my trusty hammock, I try to sleep, but since I know Marta will
be arriving any moment, I find it impossible to sleep. I try to remember
where she's gone. It's been such a strange day - I haven't felt my normal
self at all. Waking up on the sofa, having drunk so much (and so many
different kinds) of alcohol, strange mood swings. I'm not old enough for a
mid-life crisis, am I?

And that stained knife - I've pushed it to the back of my mind, but what was
it doing on the table? Why was it wrapped up in paper towels? And that pizza
on the floor in the shed - how come I can't remember anything after that
argument we had when she walked in on me, pizza in hand? Suddenly I decide
the best way to remember is to return to the scene of the crime, as it were.

I roll out of the hammock and head for the shed. Opening the door, I stand
inside willing myself to remember. Argument, Marta away, stained knife,
stained paper towels, pizza, anger, blinding rage, regret...

And my brain suddenly wakes up, as if from a long dream. Marta, Marta - you
are here, I remember now... here in this shed! I can see her now, a dark
slumped shape at the back, behind the boxes - invisible to me during my time
of denial. It's her, covered in blood - dried now, and I reach out to her. Of
course, she's dead - I stabbed her.

The argument - it was about that letter. I'd found it in her things in our
room, and tried to gather my thoughts in here in private. She found me,
unsuspecting until I boiled over in jealous rage. She had the knife - was
going to open some boxes - I grabbed it from her and we struggled together.
Then she fell, behind the boxes and I looked at my hand, holding a bloody
knife. Truimphant, then panicked, running into the house...

Now that I have forced myself to admit my crime, I find that regret is mixed
with self-pity, and self-preservation. I didn't hate Marta. No, I just didn't
love her anymore. I didn't miss her. And this house, I don't hate it, but I
won't miss it either. I know what I need to do. I go back to the house and
find my wallet and car keys. I put on a light jacket and sunglasses. I open
the Victorian glazed front door and exit into the world - a world I had
almost forgotten existed. A world with nosey neighbors, police, prison.

I lock the door to the house, unlock the blue Vauxhall Zafira sitting in our
driveway, and take off down the suburban street, not once looking back.
