Loading game...

Hungry
by Richard Otter

Written in just under 3 hours for the Ectocomp 2011 competition

NOTE: The game does not work properly with the ADRIFT V5 runner, please use
ADRIFT V4 R51.

HUNGRY!

You seem to have very little on your mind these days. It is not that you have
nothing to worry about, you probably have.  But, you just do not care.  Not
only that, you no longer care that you do not care.

Instead your worldly worries have been replaced with simpler ideas.  You must
feed, you must rest, you must escape. Yes, you must escape. Nothing else
matters at the moment.

Some Place
A semi-circular desk sits just to one side of the place. To the north and
east are holes in the wall. Nothing seems familiar and you recognise very
little; apart from a plastic seat which seems to have some interest. You
entered this place through a hole to the south. A trail of blood leads north.

> x desk
The reception desk is semi-circular and is made of some type of wood,
probably oak. What is oak?  A pot is on the reception desk.

> take pot
You take the pot from the reception desk.

> n
You move north.

Some Place
A plain office with very little furniture consisting only of a green desk.
Holes leading to places are north, south, west and east.  A trail of blood
leads south. The hole to the west is very dark.

You hear someone shout, "I think he went in here!"

Another voice replies, "Okay, you go in and see. Watch yourself."

The first voice answers, "Don't worry, I'll deal with him!"

> n
You move north.

Some Place
In front of you is a counter and an old filing cabinet. Places are to the
north, south and east. A trail of blood leads north.
A scared looking woman is staring wide eyed at you.

> n
You move north. The female runs from the place screaming. You can almost feel
pleasure.

Some Place
This place has very little things in it apart from a green desk. Another
place is south. A trail of blood leads south.  On the wall opposite the hole
is a window.

> smash window
You start hammering at the window then decide to throw the pot at it.  The
pot smashes through the window and falls outside.  The window is now open.

> n
You move north and can feel yourself falling.

Escaped!!!!
It is quite a drop from the window and as you stand one of your leg things
isn't working.  You drag yourself away as quickly as possible. You feel
hungry.

Escape. Freedom.

It continues.

Feel free to report any bugs, send praise or give general feedback to
richardo@delron.co.uk
