Loading game...

Just My Imagination-Musings of a child

Imagination can be a very powerful thing.  This is a tale of one little
girl's imagination getting the best of her.

"Mommy, will you play with me?" Jenny asks, tugging at her mommy's skirt as
she hands the freshly washed laundry on the line.

"I'm sorry, dear.  I really need to get this done.  Why don't you use your
imagination," her mother suggests affectionately and returns to pinning a
shirt to the line.

"What's 'magination, Mommy?" the little girls asks, again tugging on the long
skirt worn by her mother.

"Jenny, please.  Not right now," her mother scorns, as her face melts with
tired lines and exhaustion.

The little girl grumbled to herself as she sulked away, down to the other end
of the clothesline, away from her mother.  " 'magination must be what kids
get when Mommies and Daddies are too busy to play," she moaned, throwing
herself to the ground just before her mother called out to her not to dirty
her good dress.

Jenny thought to herself as she stared at the dirty ground, "I wonder what
really lives in holes in the ground.  Daddy said snakes and bunnies live
there."  Before she could give it a second though, the little girl noticed
something sparkling within the small hole in the ground.  "I bet that is
pretty jewelry, " she blurted out in a hushed tone, " and if I gave it to
Mommy, she'd be happy again.  She is always happy when Daddy gives her
jewelry."

She stuck her little fingers into the hole in the ground, where she saw the
sparkle, but drew back when she felt a pinch on her pointy finger.  Looking
at her finger, she couldn't see anything wrong with it, but it looked like
the sparkly thing was a little closer now.  She leaned over and dug into the
hole again.

For a moment Jenny felt very strange, "I feel like that time when I spun in
circles like an airplane over and over again, and landed in Mrs. Hayes
garden.  She was really mad."

Before Jenny could steady herself the hole grew to three times her size.  Or
was it that she shrunk to three times smaller than the hole?  In any event,
she toppled over head first into the hole.  Her tiny screams echoed through
the darkness. Can you help Jenny get back home?

Please enter your name:

> Jenny

> take stick
You take the small stick.

Jenny follows you .

> dig dirt
You use the stick as a makeshift shovel and dig the passage out.  The stick
breaks and is no longer usable, so you toss it up out of the hole.

> s
You move south.

Underground water pipe
You are at the underground water way.  There is a wooden spoon floating
around in the water, that leads into darkness.

Also here is a piece of dental floss and a small rock.

Jenny follows you .

> take floss
You take the piece of dental floss.

> take rock
You take the small rock.

> tie the string to the rock
You wrap the floss around the rock and make a grappling rock.

> throw rock at spoon
You throw the grappling rock at the spoon and miss several times.  One last
try....and it land on the wooden spoon.  You are then able to pull it near.
It looks like there is just enough room for you and the little girl.

> stand on spoon
You climb onto the spoon and carefully held the little girl on.  She loses
her balance and nearly falls in, kicking the rock into the dark water.

> s
You float down the water pipe until you reach your chambers.  You jump off
and help the little girl.

> open shell
You open the nut shell.  A ring is inside the nut shell.

> take ring
You take the ring from the nut shell.

> give ring to girl
You hand the little girl the ring and she exclaims in excitement, "Oh, thank
you!  Mommy will surely be happy now!"    She removes the bow from her curly,
blond hair and asks, "But how will I get back home?"

Before you are able to reply, you hear the sounds of her distraught mother.
Just as quickly as the little girl fell into the hole, she vanishes into thin
air as if nothing ever happened.

Was this all just in your imagination?  Or was it in hers?

Congratulations!
You scored 100 out of the maximum 100!
That is 100% of the game!
Well done - you scored maximum points!
