Loading game...

ImagiDroids

init{proc.rout} - load "startup"...

sting="%vis%,%aud%,%mov%"
return true(fal.q{init}.dat)

run=[openeyes]...

ImagiDroids
By Woodfish
Release 1/ ADRIFT Runner 43

The computer sits on the desk in front of you. It is turned off.

>
I don't understand what you mean.

> turn on computer

You reach up, and turn on the computer. With an assortment of beeps, it
begins to start up.

Desktop
The desktop is dark blue and empty, apart from a square, red and black icon,
longing to be clicked on. The words krandor.taf are positioned underneath. A
thin blue strip lies across the bottom of the screen, with the date to the
right, and a green button labelled 'start' to the left.

> click on icon
The arrow cursor slides across the desktop, and double-clicks on the file.
The screen is plunged into darkness.

[ press any key ]

The Quest For Krandor
An Interactive Fiction Adventure
Written by >ANDROID001
Serial Number 875-9642-8310

Prison Cell
A summer's haze filters through the iron bars of the window, lighting up the
small, bare dungeon. Dust spirals downwards through the stale air, picked out
by the sunlight. The brick walls loom over you, bearing down on you from all
directions. Opposite them, a dull iron door stands closed in the north wall.

> x walls
The walls look ancient, and the lines of bricks, smoothed together over the
years, are coated with dust. However, there is one clean area of bricks
opposite the door which is free of the dirt that covers all the other walls.

> x clean area
The area of clean bricks look as if they have been recently disturbed. As you
look closer, you notice one brick in particular that seems looser that the
bricks around it.

> take brick
You loosen the brick, and pull it out, revealing some chalky words written in
the space behind it.

> open brick
You cautiously pull on the brick, and it crumbles open, disintergrating to
dust which falls to the floor. It appears to have contained a golden key,
which is now sitting it your hands amongst the remains of the brick.

> unlock door
You put the key in the lock, and unlock the door.

> open door
The door slides open, silently.

> north
You step out of the cell.

Corridor
This is a short corridor, which runs north to south. South, behind you, lies
your old cell with the door wide open. The rest of the corridor stretches out
to the north, ending in an iron door. A table stands at the side of the
corridor, with a long sword resting on top.

The door at the end of the corridor suddenly creaks open, and the troll guard
strides in. When he sees you, a look of suprise contorts his face, and you
leap to the table, grab the sword, and swing it at his head, slicing it
completely off. The troll's severed body lies in a pool of blood at your
feet. You are free!

[ press any key ]

You close the game, feeling what you understand as being satisfied.

Then you shut down the computer, and get to your feet. You walk out the room,
your android circuits buzzing with pleasure.

sim.comp{close.rout}

[ press any key ]

'My God, David,' says the professor breathlessly, removing his VR Headset,
'And you're telling me the Android wrote that game?'

The other professor, David, gives a short laugh. 'Absolutely, though, of
course, it's not finished yet. Suprised?'

'Well, I mean, I knew progress on the ImagiDroids was coming along quickly,
but I didn't realise... Bloody hell, David, think of all the things that
could be done with it! Think of the money!' A look of wonder lights up the
professor's eyes, and he steadies himself against one of the blank, sparse
walls of the laboratory.

David sits down at his desk, and swivels to face the professor. 'I know,
professor. But there are still refinements to be made.'

'What do you mean? That game was almost perfect! I didn't spot any bugs,
what-so-ever. Sure, it needs a bit of work in the actual game-design
department. I mean, as good as that puzzle was, the logic was a bit lacking,
I suppose. But come on - we need never waste time making games again! Simply
give it an idea, and off it goes!' He sighs.

'Professor, it's all I've been thinking of for months. But - ah - there is
one flaw...' David trails off, nervously.

The eyes of the professor narrow, and he turns to face David. He had been
waiting for this. 'What is it, David?'

[ press any key ]

Ventilation Shaft
This long ventilation shaft runs east-west, the metallic walls closing in
around your outstretched body. Through the grating panel in the bottom of the
shaft, you see the VR Lab.

The walls below seem to radiate white light, and the only furnishing is a
mostly empty grey desk. The small black object that lies upon this is
obscured by the thin strips of metal that make up the grating, but you
presume it is one of the regulation VR Headsets. Two scientists, both
professors, are in the room.

The old professor's voice reaches your ears, from the Lab below, and are
immediately translated into recognizable sound waves. 'What is it, David?' he
whispers.

> z
Time passes...

'It's just - you see, once you start to give Androids the power of
imagination,' whispers David, 'They start to use it for things other than
writing games.'

You smile grimly to yourself.

> z
Time passes...

The professor shrugs. 'So what? Just turn them off when they're not writing
games!'

> z
Time passes...

David shakes his head. 'No, it's not that simple. They'll just turn
themselves back on again - leave them creating games for too long, and
they'll eventually develop aspirations and dreams. They'll want to live out
these games.'

> z
Time passes...

'Right...' The professor frowns. 'So, you're saying they could try and break
free - develop personalities, attack their creators, and all that. I assume
you've solved this?'

> z
Time passes...

'Yes... well, sort of. We've taken away all notion of violence that may enter
their heads. After all, they can simply be disconnected from their power
supply if they are disobediant,' he pauses for breath. 'But if they decided
to use force against us... well, that'd be the end, I tell you.'

> z
Time passes...

With pleasure, you notice the elderly professor has gone very quiet, and
starts to tremble. David notices this too. 'Are you okay?' he asks.

> z
Time passes...

'Y.. Y.. You fool!' shouts the professor, causing David to slip back on his
stool, 'They do understand violence! That Android just created a game where
the player chops the head of a bloody troll!'

> z
Time passes...

David's face turns white, and he begins to shake. 'My God... what have I
done?'

> z
Time passes...

The old professor swallows. 'Look, let's not panic. The androids are turned
off now, right? They can't possibly hurt us.'

> z
Time passes...

'No! No, they're not! I thought it would be a good idea to let them talk to
each other...' His eyes widen as he trails off.

> z
Time passes...

'You fool!' screams the professor, 'They'll kill us all!'

You decide to act. Quickly, you slide open the grate, and leap down into the
room. The professors spin round, with a look of terror on their faces. Upon
seeing your metallic body, and robotic smile, David quickly pulls open a
drawer at his desk, pulls out a revolver, and shoots himself. The other
professor looks down at David's lifeless form, lying on the floor in a pool
of blood. You choose to put him out of his misery.

[ press any key ]

syst.rout{complete}

yes[end; nwt"imagi.taf"]

system status = "free"

syst.shutdown...

THE END
