Loading game...

In Memory

That which creates night within us might also leave stars.

~ Victor Hugo

Darkness.  A shadowy void.

Are your eyes closed?  You test the theory by trying to open them, and find
that you can't sense your eyelids anymore.  You can't sense anything physical
at all, really.

Just the darkness, the occasional indigo light in your peripheral vision.

Unconsciousness
Images and thoughts come and go.  Snatches of memory, fragments of hopes,
bits of dreams.  And always that lingering sense of the indigo haze at the
edge of your perception.

>You let go... of everything.  The images, the memories, that niggling indigo
haze at the edge of the darkness.  You let it all go.  Completely and whole
heartedly.

...and it would seem that in your letting go, the indigo light finally
responds.  It blossoms.  It grows to fill your vision, the whole of it...

Floating in the blue, the indigo, the indigo blue.  Finally some sense of
stability, some serenity.

The frenetic pace of the swirling thoughts has diminished.  Indeed - now that
they've ceased their whirling, now that you can examine them, you know them
to be memories from the life you've lived.
Unconsciousness
You are ensconced in the soothing indigo light.

In the light, you can see the tiny stuffed rabbit, the child-sized desk, your
Homecoming outfit, Sam's incredible smile, the set of favorite over-sized
headphones, a hardcover book and the vista from back home.

In Memory by Jacqueline A. Lott - May 2011
Released as part of the Indigo New Language Speed IF
For more information, type >ABOUT

Yes, this.  This is what you were really wanting, to be wrapped in the
soothing embrace of the indigo light.  To let it flow over you, and into you,
and through you, and to show you how your struggles and desires have brought
you to where you are now.

>You recognize the rabbit from your earliest childhood memories.  As you focus
on it, the other images around you fade and all that you can see is that
small, soft bunny.
Holding onto the Bunny
It seems impossible that you could remember something that happened so very
long ago, but it feels very, very real... You are an infant, not yet able to
speak, and you're clutching the tiny rabbit in your small arms.  You're able
to clearly make out the shine of your old friend's button eyes and the tight
stitching of its seams.  Somehow in the richness of your dream the rabbit
appears simultaneously faded and vibrant: well-loved, yet the corduroy is a
very rich, earthy brown.  No doubt your affection for it colors the memory.

In the light, you can see the tiny stuffed rabbit.

As you hold the small rabbit close to your heart, emotions flood through you,
and you are overwhelmed with a feeling of...

>Yes, that was it.  Happiness and joy seemed to be the general default for
much of your childhood, and now that you think about it, it set the tone for
much of your life as well.  Not to say that there were never difficult times,
but you managed to smile through much of the adversity and keep an optimistic
outlook most of the time.

Unfortunately, the image fades all too soon, and the pleasant feelings
dissipate with it...
Unconsciousness
You are ensconced in the soothing indigo light.

In the light, you can see the child-sized desk, your Homecoming outfit, Sam's
incredible smile, the set of favorite over-sized headphones, a hardcover book
and the vista from back home.

>So small... did you ever fit in that seat?  Yes, long ago you did.  As you
focus on your desk from elementary school, the other images around you fade,
and you are transported back to...
School Days
How old were you when you spent your days seated here, listening to Mrs
Bright as she tried her best to make you into something?  It was that
awkward, in between time of your life.  You weren't really a child, not
really... but not yet a teen.

Part of you hated being here -- so much more to do outside! -- but a part of
you loved being in this desk, too.  Even if you wouldn't ever admit it,
because that wouldn't have been cool.  But deep down you were actually fond
of school.

In the light, you can see the child-sized desk.

That's funny... you can't quite put your finger on it.  What was your
favorite subject?

>Ah, that's right, you remember now.  If you were forced to pick, you always
were a lot more keen on things like writing and reading than math or science.
 Communicating with other people and being able to absorb information was
key.

The small desk and thoughts of school fade from view...
Unconsciousness
You are ensconced in the soothing indigo light.

In the light, you can see your Homecoming outfit, Sam's incredible smile, the
set of favorite over-sized headphones, a hardcover book and the vista from
back home.

>Almost as if it were yesterday, you can see your Homecoming outfit lying
there across the bed, waiting for you to put it on for the dance.  As you
focus on the ensemble, the other images around you fade, and you're
transported back to...
Homecoming Night
What will Chris think of this outfit?  You're still not sure.  Oddly, though
a part of you is sure that the dance, like this memory, has already happened,
you can't recall the rest of the evening or what Chris thought of your
attire.  Not that it matters, really -- Chris is going with you to the dance
tonight because of you, not your style.

In the light, you can see your Homecoming outfit.

Heh, yeah.  Style.  What would you call this ensemble, anyway?  What fashion
statement are you trying to make?

>Okay... comfortable would probably be an appropriate word for this outfit.
It may not really be up to the Homecoming standards.  But if past history is
any indication, Chris will be decked out flamboyantly, and no one will even
notice that you've dressed down.

Memories of Chris and of the Homecoming night fade from view...
Unconsciousness
You are ensconced in the soothing indigo light.

In the light, you can see Sam's incredible smile, the set of favorite
over-sized headphones, a hardcover book and the vista from back home.

>You think back to the best of days when Sam was seemingly always there by
your side. As you focus on Sam's smile, the other images around you fade and
you remember what it was like...
Loving Sam
The world was kind of a scary place for you back then, fresh out of school.
Frightened to death of what lay ahead, unable to let go of the decisions
you'd made that got you there.  But throughout it all was Sam, and why Sam
was always there for you you'll never know.  Anyone would have been lucky to
have so much of Sam's time.

In the light, you can see Sam's incredible smile.

That smile.  That smile got to everyone, disarmed them from the word Go.  But
that wasn't your favorite thing.  Far from it.  What you really loved was
Sam's...

>Okay, so maybe your favorite bit was Sam's smile.  It was infectuous -- what
a horrible adjective for a grin, but it's true... when Sam smiled, everyone
smiled.

Even you.

The image of Sam fades...
Unconsciousness
You are ensconced in the soothing indigo light.

Also here are the set of favorite over-sized headphones, a hardcover book and
the vista from back home.

>God yes, those headphones!  How they let you shut out the rest of the world,
how they filled your head with music.  As you focus on them, the other images
around you fade, and you become increasingly...
Lost in Sound
Being a grown up is sometime pretty difficult.  Decisions to make, burdens to
carry.  Most of the time you like to think you did okay, but you have to
admit there were nights -- hell, sometimes whole weekends where all you could
do was put on the headphones, pull the curtains, and lie back on the couch
listening to your favorite music.

Also here are the set of favorite over-sized headphones.

Yes, this headset blocked out everything: not just the noise of the world, as
it was designed to do.  No.  When the volume was up high enough, it blocked
out the worries and concerns, too.  The music that did it best was...

>Good old rock-n-roll.  Nothing quite like it.  Crank it up, tune the rest
out.  Sometimes, nothing else even mattered.  There was generally some sort
of harsh awakening later, unforunately, but it always felt perfect at the
time.

The music fades from your memory...
Unconsciousness
You are ensconced in the soothing indigo light.

In the light, you can see a hardcover book and the vista from back home.

>You remember how that book used to feel in your hands.  As you recall the
sunny afternoons with it under the tree, the rainy evenings with it curled up
near the fire, the other images around you fade and you are carried into...
Imagined Realities
Escapism's not such a bad thing, right?  All good things in moderation, they
say.  Though, hm.  Perhaps you did overdo it a bit from time to time.  You
loved to get you lost in a well-crafted world, to find yourself wondering
about what the characters were up to when you were supposed to be focused on
real life obligations.  Sometimes on the way home from work, looking forward
to later in the evening when you could pick back up where you left off, you'd
imagine the questions you wanted to ask the characters.  Imagined dialogues
that played out countless ways.

In the light, you can see a hardcover book.

It took a certain kind of book to get you so engrosssed, though.  Your
favorite genre by far was...

>Yes, fantasy novels make it particularly easy to escape, don't they?  Hard to
say which variety makes it easiest, though... The ones where things seem
really close to the world you actually live in, except for the fact that some
people have powers you'd never suspect they have by looking at them?  Or the
books set long ago in the forests of Europe where people and elves speak
made-up languages and act like modern day wanna-be people?  On the whole, the
subtle ones are better, even if you can't sometimes help going for the
authors that lay it on thick.

The book closes, and the memory fades...
Unconsciousness
You are ensconced in the soothing indigo light.

In the light, you can see the vista from back home.

For just a moment, somewhere in the distance, it seems like you can hear
voices and the beeping of machines... but then it's gone.

>Even in the hardest times, coming here helped.  Nothing made you feel quite
so at ease as when you looked out across...
The Vista Back Home
Looking back on the entirety of your life, you saw a fair amount of the
world.  Not as much as some, certainly, but more than many of your
acquaintances.  As a kid you couldn't wait to get away from home, and did
your best to see what else was out there.  But eventually you came to realize
that right here at home was where you understood yourself best.

In the light, you can see the vista from back home.

Your favorite part about the vantage point here, looking out across the vista
you've known your whole life, is the...

>The hills, the piedmont, the mountains beyond: successive waves of land
rolling off toward the horizon, each valley holding its secrets, each peak
possessing its own unique vantage point.  Why did you ever feel you couldn't
explore endlessly right here at home?

The landscape fades, taking the memory with it...
Unconsciousness
You are ensconced in the soothing indigo light.
And there are no more images, no more thoughts...

...but there's that gentle beeping sound again.

And voices.

Sam?  It... can't be.  But it sure sounds like --

"All those years we've spent apart, Chris."  Chris?   Damn.  Surely not Chris
from school... "I loved Alex the whole time, every minute, but never picked
up the goddamn phone.  I wonder what I missed, y'know?  And now... now it's
kind of looking like Alex isn't going to wake up.  No chance for a reunion...
and no chance for me to say I'm sorry."

"Now wait.  First off, we don't know that Alex isn't going to wake up.
Second, you can't blame yourself, Sam.  I think deep down you both still
loved each other for a really long time.  I mean, not that I know much --
Alex and I drifted apart as well -- but we did go out for a beer after the
twenty-five year reunion, and Alex mentioned you that night.  Circumstance is
a bitch sometimes, y'know?  I don't think the two of you had much control
over what happened."

Damn, please, why can't I wake up?  Why can't I tell them that I'm here?  And
that beeping... I guess it's the heart monitor, so I'm glad it's making that
sound, but god it's also kind of annoying because I want to hear their voices
and they're speaking so softly now.

"Alex mentioned me?  After all those year?"

I can hear Chris laugh a little bit.  Not in a harsh way, just a small,
under-the-breath laugh.  "Yeah.  Specifically, I recall Alex reminiscing
about your face.  Getting lost in your eyes and feeling the warmth of your
smile and -- and it was pretty sappy like that for quite a few minutes, as I
recall.  I think it was all Alex could do that night to not tear up, even
though you two had been apart a really long time."

Now it's Sam's gentle laugh.  A little worn, like some of the spark is gone,
but I guess after all these years we've all lost a little of our spark.  "I
have honestly missed Alex.  You hear that, Alex?  We shouldn't talk over you
like you're not here, because you are.  I've missed you, and I'm sorry, and
--"

-- and that's the last thing I heard: Sam's voice.  Because the steady beep,
beep, beep had ceased to beep.
