Loading game...

Inside Job
You are a computer junkie, of sorts. You recently downloaded an Interactive
Fiction Tool Kit. You have always been a big fan of interactive fiction, and
have recently discovered you can make your own.  You have played and
attempted to play many games. It just makes you crazy that some people make
these games, and make it near impossible to get out of the first room. If
they are going to make it that difficult, they should include some hints.
Nevertheless, you decide that you will give it a try.  So you began creating
an adventure, but came across several problems with locks and doors and such.
It made you nuts, so you started over from scratch.  Now here you are, and
have been for hours, trying to think of a story. You want a story that will
keep the player interested. You don't want it to be too difficult. You are a
total brain waste. You have been sitting there, at the computer,  for hours
trying to come up with something, when you just slump over. You lift your
head at one last attempt to create something. You gaze at your screen
blankly, when you notice that it seems to be changing. Ripples begin to form.
 You rub your eyes in disbelief. You are sure it is just fatigue causing your
hallucinations. You look at your screen  more closely. It looks like it is
almost melting. Metallic ripples undulate across your screen. It looks much
like when a raindrop hits a puddle. You can't help but to touch it. That's
when you are suddenly sucked into your monitor with the force of a mack truck
running down a bug.

Inside Monitor
You are inside your monitor. You can  look out, to where you once were.
Inside your monitor is not much different than what you see from outside of
it.  There are menus, directories, icons, files, internet access. You
basically know  the stuff  your computer holds. The My Computer icon is at
the top left of the screen.

> look out monitor
You look out your monitor, and think to yourself   "Not even I could have
thought of a brilliant story like this."   You can see the keyboard, your
speakers, the mouse, a glass of  water, and part of your desktop. Looking out
further you can see your living room.

> click on my computer icon
You decide to check out what's in 'My Computer'.  You reach up as far as you
can, and click the computer icon with your hand.  Next thing you know you
begin to vaporize. and are moved into 'My Computer.'

> open control panel folder
You open the Control Panel Folder, in hopes to find a way back to your desk.
 You seem to melt into nothing as you are sucked into the Control Panel.

> close
You somehow manage reach the little ' x ' in the upper right corner. You
press and fall to the bottom of your screen.

> pull up tool bar
You pull up  the toolbar at the bottom of the screen.  You often found  that
hiding the toolbar gave your screen a much better appearance.  The ' Start
Menu '  appears.

> press start menu
You press the ' Start'  button on the toolbar. The pop up menu nearly takes
off your head. You are then pulled into the pop up menu  You feel a strange
sensation move throughout your body.

> press programs
You decide to press the 'Programs' icon. Another pop up menu springs out to
the right. There are several items that you may choose from this menu. You
have 3D pinball, Accessories, Games, Internet services, a Media Player. There
are several other icons on the menu. There are a lot of game icons.

> press accessories
You press the 'Accessories icon, and yet another pop up menu appears. This
one is also quite large. You glance over the list. You can't find what you
want here.  Communications...Entertainment...System Tools... Address
Book...Calculator...Calendar...Cardfile....Paint....Character map... Dos
Prompt.. Note Pad....Explorer... Word Pad.

> search for exit
Searching for what you need to find would make things very easy. But you fail
to realize that the keyboard is outside the monitor, and you are inside. So
you must take the long way to complete your task.

> press documents
You press the 'Documents' icon and another popup menu appears. There is one
document on that menu.

> read document
You begin to read the only document in the Documents folder.

> click on media player
You click on the media player in hopes to find some good music.

> click on media library
You click on media library and a list of music titles displays on the screen.
You have never been in here before, so you have no idea what the children
have in here. You take a look at the list. Now you will need to play one of
these.  It reads:     JB  ... HB... HK... MLL.... NPLH...TS..... VJ... and
YD

> play jb
You decide to play JB. Not knowing what JB is for, you take a chance anyway.
As it begins to play, you think back on all the fun times of childhood.
Visions of throwing snow balls, laughing children,  Christmas. It is a nice
memory.   Sorry, it was the wrong song. Back to the start room.

> press start menu
You press the ' Start'  button on the toolbar. The pop up menu nearly takes
off your head. You are then pulled into the pop up menu  You feel a strange
sensation move throughout your body.

> click on media player
You click on the media player in hopes to find some good music.

> play hb
You click on HB. You begin to have fond memories of  of your seventh
birthday. You finally got that shiny new bike you had been begging for.
Remember, that if you choose the wrong song, it may all be over.

> press start menu
You press the ' Start'  button on the toolbar. The pop up menu nearly takes
off your head. You are then pulled into the pop up menu  You feel a strange
sensation move throughout your body.

> click on media player
You click on the media player in hopes to find some good music.

> play mll
You didn't think it was possible to remember that far back. When you hear
this song you remember being about a year old, slobbering over a plastic
lamb, rattle. How cheesy is that?

> press start menu
You press the ' Start'  button on the toolbar. The pop up menu nearly takes
off your head. You are then pulled into the pop up menu  You feel a strange
sensation move throughout your body.

> click on media player
You click on the media player in hopes to find some good music.

> play nplh
As soon as the song begins, your begin to feel strange. You look at your
hands as they begin to be stretched toward the center on the screen. You
scream in horror, as your body is stretched and sucked out the  rippling
screen.  You can still hear the song,  and begin to scream louder.   You are
so terrified at what is going to happen next. You scream uncontrollably. You
scream so loud that you wake yourself up. Maybe next time you will give up
and try another day. By the way,  scoring points was not the object of this
cheesy game. So if you got a low score, that could have been a good thing.
You scored 614 out of the maximum 14198!
That is 4% of the game!
You finished 13584 points short.

[Press any key to end]
