Loading game...

Invasion of the Second-Hand Shirts
For six years you came into work every day and said hello to the cute little
readhead at the receptionist desk, but she never even noticed you.  You ached
for the slightest recognition from her, meeting her eyes, the sound of her
voice.

Your dreams were filled with images of dancing with her, kissing her,
canoodling her.  But alas, six years have fled like an instant, and you've
never gotten the nerve up to ask her out.

Then before you knew it was your last day at work.  Everyone said how much
they would miss you, and your buddies took you to your favorite watering hole
for drinks after.  Even the redhead came to the bar with some of her friends.
 You didn't even realize she knew who you were.

Everything was making for a perfect evening - the liquour was flowing, the
people were dancing, and you had your dream job all lined up for the next
week.

Little did you suspect that the next day you would be standing in a
mysterious tree with no inkling how you got there, because that's completely
unrelated to the storyline established above.

> push the button
A previously hidden door slides open on the trunk of the tree with a
mechanical grinding noise.  Unfortunately, instead of an elevator, you see an
empty shaft.  I guess the elevator isn't working properly.

> down
It looks pretty dangerous.  You're not sure you want to do this.

> down
You leap off the tree limb and come crashing down on the ground quite
painfully.  You swear to yourself you'll never do anything like that again.
Unless of course, you inexplicably find yourself in a tree with no other way
down.

After a quick check of your limbs and internal organs, you decide you'll
live.

Grassy Field
This is a grassy field.  There's a perfectly good tree here, which apparently
you were stupid enough to leap out of.

You hear running water to the east.

> e
You move east.

Brook
This is a brook, a creek, a crick.  Whatever you want to call it, it is a
small body of running water.  The sound of the running water makes you want
to pee.
A giant leech is sitting on the shore, playing an accoustic guitar.

> x brook
You look more closely at the creek and notice a woman swimming in the water.

> x woman
The woman notices you and swims closer to the shore.  When she reaches the
shallows, she stands and steps out of the water, revealing her unashamed
nudity and overwhelming beauty.

"You look confused," she says to you, picking up a towel and drying herself.
"Allow me to introduce myself.  I am Aphrodite, goddess of love and beauty."

After a moment, you manage to stammer out your own name, despite the fact
that you are entranced by her.

> cross fallen tree
You start to cross the creek using the fallen tree as a bridge.  Although you
have remarkable balance, about halfway across you slip and fall into the
creek.

Unfortunately, you're not as good a swimmer as Aphrodite (what do you expect,
she's a goddess) and you are quickly swept downstream.

Before you are able to do anything about your current situation, you notice
the water moving even more rapidly.

I hate to make a bad situation worse, but what is that loud roaring sound
that seems to be getting closer?
[More]
You have a sense of impending doom as you realize that you are quickly
approaching a waterfall.  Did you remember to mail that accident insurance
payment?

As the fast-moving water hurls you over the edge, you realize that the
waterfall is signifigantly higher than you feared....
[More]
You plunge into the icy water below... did you feel arms grab you around the
shoulders?  Something... someone... pulls you to the surface... in a daze you
wake up...

> s
You move south.

Small Cabin
You're inside a small cabin built entirely of plastic logs made from recycled
beverage bottles.  It's actually rather ugly.  You notice some wet footprints
on the floor, as if someone was recently here before you.  There's a small
wooden table here, beneath which is a trap door.

> turn crank
You turn the crank and the box plays a satisfying song with its mechanical
innards.  All of the sudden, the lid pops open and a silver sphere pops out.

> x the fireplace
You look in the fireplace and notice a patch of light coming from above.

> climb chimney
Looks like a pretty tight fit.  I'm not sure you can get through.

> climb chimney
Okay, you asked for it.  You manage to get into the fireplace and climb up
the chimney.

You're all covered in soot now.  Happy?

Cabin Roof
You're now on the cabin roof, which is made of plastic shingles similar to
the recycled materials the rest of the cabin is made of.  Tied to the chimney
is a helium balloon.

Sphere enters.

> take the balloon
You untie the helium balloon from the chimney and tie it to your hand.
Suddenly you feel the balloon gently tug you up... higher and higher...

Sphere enters.

> look

Helium Balloon
You're floating through the air above the trees.  There is a microwave oven
here.
The silver sphere is here.

> quit
Do you really want to quit? [Y/N]
