Loading game...

Info space
Day after day is given to the flashing box and none to that paper cover
thing.I suppose it doesn't matter as long as you have your walnuts.

Tv room
Flashing images.So many flashing images.I hear they call the box flasher tv
now.But none of that matters now.I have my couch,flashing box and remote.My
phoning device is also near.
East is my dead living room place and my snack master center is south .The
land outside is north.

> e
I move east.

Living room
This is a place for living.But what type of living can be done without the
flashing box and his seller man
Also here is a hammer.

> get hammer
I pick up the hammer.

> w
I move west.

Tv room
Flashing images.So many flashing images.I hear they call the box flasher tv
now.But none of that matters now.I have my couch,flashing box and remote.My
phoning device is also near.
East is my dead living room place and my snack master center is south .The
land outside is north.

> s
I move south.

Kitchen
The master food making place.It is quite untidy.I wouldn't want to displease
the flashing box by abandoning it,it might never flash again.
You see an open cabinet and a pile of trash.  The Walnut jar is here.

> x jar
You see a brand spanking walnut jar.He is quite a shiny tin fellow.He is high
tech too,thinks for himself he does.Has a will of his own really.He might try
to run away from you too.You just can't lose him!

> take jar
You reach out for that slick walnut bastard and for a moment grab him,but he
jumps out of your grip in an impressive twirl jump.Managing to leap on your
head three times in a wondrous tornado spin.
You feel dizzy for a moment and fall to the floor.Gotta get those nuts.

> hit jar
You hit that angry ass jar with your nasty old hammer from 1979.The jar at
first laughs then screams,As his precious nut's work spills out of him.It
makes you so happy you almost want to dance.Hey!You could crack a great deal
of nuts that way.  You defeated the evil nut jar and ate some tasty yummy
yumm nuts.Not bad for a mutant squirrel you think.
You continue shopping on the squirrel home shopping channel.Never again
buying a walnut jar.
However you did enjoy the jar's contents and proceeded to stomp on the nuts
in a crazy dance.Upon showing this dance to your mutant squirrel pals you get
a few laughs,but they don't laugh for long,Your dance the Nut bust
boogie,becomes a worldwide craze.Causing people to have nut bust
parties,where they stomp on nuts with glee.You become a successful
trillonaire just because you can bust your nuts.
You scored 0 out of the maximum 0!
That is 100% of the game!
Well done - you scored maximum points!

[Press any key to end]
