Loading game...

Jonathan Grimshaw: Space Tourist

The Most Average Man in the World is . . .

Jonathan Grimshaw:
Space Tourist

by Ren

A game submitted for the Writing Challenges Competition
Version 1.0

Hit Any Key to Continue

Who'd have thought it? They announce that 5 luxury cabins on the Earth's
first Space Cruiser are up for grabs and then, just 3 short months and 472lbs
of chocolate later, you're waving a golden ticket as you board the ship for
its maiden voyage. Okay, so maybe you've gained a stone or three, and you
never want to see a white chocolate Cadbury-Schweppes™ Space Bar as long as
you live, but you're going to be one of the first 3,000 to go into space on
the Cittian.

All-expenses paid, in a luxury cabin, with three Michelin-starred meals every
day. This is going to be the best 13 weeks of your life.

You've left Royston - a town so average and so English that it's main claim
to fame is a medium-sized rock - far behind for the very first time in your
life. Finally, you are escaping. Finally, something interesting, something
exciting, is going to happen to you.

Jets blast and the ship shakes as it begins its slow, powerful ascent into
the sky and beyond. The Cittian's patented squash-no-more anti-Gforce
technology keeps the worst of the pressure at bay, but it's still an
incredible feeling as you trek through the bowels of the ship, searching for
your room.

Plush corridors give way to slightly less plush corridors which in turn give
way to much less plush corridors and then, finally, you're there. Room B015.
You turn the key in the lock, and the door swings open . . .

Hit Any Key to Continue

Luxury 3 Star Cabin
The room is dark, and you can make out nothing but the light switch. You can
feel the excitement building in the pit of your stomach.

> x me
Jonathan Grimshaw, aged 32. Brown hair, blue eyes, slight belly - in every
way a perfectly ordinary, perfectly average englishman. You feel quite dapper
in a pair of neatly pressed chinos and a blue jumper.

> press switch
You press the switch and within minutes the room is illuminated by a blinding
trickle of light.

The room is lit by the glow of an unadorned, low-watt lightbulb. Wooden
floorboards poke through the threadbare carpet, and the ramshackle furniture
looks like it has been put together from the leftover trimmings of other,
even more ramshackle furniture. A thin blanket covers the single bed wedged
in the corner of the room, and there is a porthole in the far wall. A smoke
detector is attached to the centre of the ceiling. The only exit is to the
east.

There is a loud and constant humming, perhaps machinery of some kind. The
room smells distinctly unpleasant. On a ramshackle dresser you can see a
small, metal spanner. Probably left behind by whoever assembled the
furniture.

An impersonal robotic voice addresses you from unseen speakers.

'For the benefit of our deluxe, super-deluxe, penthouse and emperor class
passengers, all luxury class passengers are kindly asked to remain in their
rooms for the duration of their journey. The rooms will be unlocked for meal
sittings, and our robot stewards will be happy to escort you to and from the
luxury dining area. Thank-you for your help, and please, enjoy your stay with
us.'

The door shuts firmly behind you. There is a loud clacking as the door locks
itself, trapping you in the room. Whilst you are still excited, you are
beginning to fear that it is the wrong kind of excited. The
oh-god-what's-going-on-here variety, rather than the yay-this-is-amazing
kind.

The ship lurches suddenly, and you stumble against a wall. The rocking passes
in a moment. You wonder what could have caused it.

> take spanner
You take the small spanner.

> break window with spanner
You take off your jacket and wrap it carefully around your elbow. You've seen
this done a thousand times in films, and you know exactly what to do. One
swift swing from the hip, the glass will crack, the jacket will protect you.

You lean back, shifting your weight to your back foot. You dip your shoulder,
ready to swing your arm up and into the glass, poised. You reach up and tap
the glass with one finger, pressing the central spot you intend to hit with
your elbow.

A large crack appears under your finger. The window shatters. You stare at
your finger in awe.

There is a loud, drawn-out scraping sound, almost as if a giant tin-opener
were opening a giant tin.

> throw spanner through window
You throw a spanner in the W.O.R.C.S.

There is a loud shudder and a handful of sparks spatter from the hole. The
turbine starts to whine, and small flames appear in the hole.

'Bing, bong, bing' pipes the tannoy. 'Would all passengers please remain in
their cabins. Do not be alarmed, there is no cause for concern.'

Seconds later, before the tannoy clicks off, you hear someone add 'Oh God,
what's going on?'

> get box
You take a box from the pile that makes up your bed.

> move chair to door
You push the rickety (yet strong) two and a half legged chair up against the
room door. Hopefully that will suffice.

'Bing, bong, bing' pipes the tannoy. You look up as a female voice booms
nervously, 'Would all passengers please report to the escape deck. Do not be
alarmed, there is no cause for concern.'

Great. The escape deck, if you remember correctly, is a good twenty floors
up. And before you can even get to the elevator, you have to get out of this
room. You really hope this is a drill.

> throw box in hole
You throw a box in the W.O.R.C.S.

Flames lick at the box, and it starts to smoulder and burn. Dark smoke rises
from the turbine and drifts toward you.

> wait
Time passes...
The smoke detector starts to beep irritatingly.

> wait
Time passes...

The beeping of the smoke detector is drowned out by a fearsome, but
mercifully brief, bell ringing. The door to your room swings open invitingly.
. .

As it does so, a metal fire door shoots down from the ceiling. It crashes
into the two and a half legged chair and - amazingly - it stops. The metal
door struggles against the chair, but it quickly becomes apparent that the
chair will not break. The metal door whines softly and gives up. It stays
there, wedged between the chair and the ceiling.

Luxurious 3 Star Cabin
The room is lit by the glow of an unadorned, low-watt lightbulb. Wooden
floorboards poke through the threadbare carpet, and the ramshackle furniture
looks like it has been put together from the left over trimmings of other,
even more ramshackle furniture. A thin sheet covers the single bed wedged in
the corner of the room, and there is a porthole in the far wall. A smoke
detector is attached to the centre of the ceiling. The only exit is to the
east.

There is a loud and constant humming, perhaps machinery of some kind. The
room smells distinctly unpleasant.

The metal door is jammed against the two and a half legged chair. There isn't
much room, but there is enough space for you to crawl under.  The metal fire
door is wedged against a rickety wooden chair. There isn't much room, but you
could probably crawl under the door if you had to.  Smoke drifts up from the
porthole and collects around the ceiling.
The smoke drifts away and the smoke detector stops beeping.

> e
You crawl under the door and hurry down the corridor, as red lights flash
around you. At the far end is a large elevator, just the thing you need to
take you up to the evacuation deck. You push your way forward, forcing
yourself into the packed lift. The doors ease closed behind you.

Elevator
The lift is a silver box so shiny that you can't look anywhere without
catching sight of your face. This has the curious effect of making everyone
stare at their feet. The twitching fluorescent light bathes the walls with
rhythmic washes of green. The lift hums as it rises not-quite-smoothly. It
makes you feel nauseous.

Taking a quick look around the crowded elevator, you realise you're not the
only one. Nobody looks comfortable.

A large map is plastered on one of the reflective walls, and there is a
smaller sign above the lift buttons.
The lift doors ease closed behind you.

> x map
The map shows the full layout of the Cittian. The 2,000 luxury rooms in the
basement, and the top 46 floors for the deluxe class and above passengers.
The gym, the dining rooms, the casino, the deck, the 1,000 person escape
pods.
If you strain you can almost hear someone yelling.

> x sign
Max Occupancy: 15 people.

You look around the lift nervously, trying to do a head count. It's not good
news.
An ominous rumbling echoes in the distance.

> wait
Time passes...

There is an enormous juddering crash, and the ship rocks under your feet. The
elevator slows to a halt and the chattering around you stops abruptly. All is
quiet.

'Bing, Bong, Bing.' A calm female voice drifts out over the tannoy. 'Please
do not be alarmed, we are experiencing some minor technical difficulties.
Would all luxury class passengers please please remain where they are.'

Elevator
The lift is a silver box so shiny that you can't look anywhere without
catching sight of your face. This has the curious effect of making everyone
stare at their feet. The twitching fluorescent light bathes the walls with
rhythmic washes of green. When the lift was moving this made you feel
nauseous. Now it's stopped you feel worse.

A quick glance around the cramped elevator suggests you aren't the only one.
Nervous faces, throat clearing and foot-tapping abound. In fact, the only
composed face in the room belongs to a wizened, elderly gentleman. His serene
expression calms you, and you reach out to touch him, to draw on his obvious
reserves of strength.  As your fingers brush his shoulder he topples to the
floor.

'Oh my God he's dead,' shrieks a voice from the crowd.
The room erupts. A tall, broad man in a dark suit steps forward, one arm
aloft.

'Don't panic,' barks the black-suited giant from behind dark glasses, every
syllable betraying his order. Sweat drips down his forehead, and he grips his
suitcase tightly. 'We have to stay here, it's the safest place.'

He jams his thumb into the 'service' button repeatedly. Nothing happens.

You stare at your fingers guiltily.

> take sock
You bend down and unfasten the old man's shoes. Then, you carefully pull off
his bright red sock. The other occupants of the room watch you desecrate the
elderly corpse with horrified fascination.

> take sweets
You reach into the old man's pockets and remove the pile of dark spheres.
They aren't marbles, they're sweets. Back bullets - small, tough, disgusting.
You Grandad used to suck them incessantly. The other occupants watch in
horror as you defile the corpse.

> put sweets in sock
You pour the black bullets into the red sock. The sock stretches slightly,
but holds the weight of the sweets. You look down at your new, fearsome
weapon.

> hit man with sock
You look at the terrifying cosh in your hand, then at the man. You swallow
hard. You know what you have to do. You wait until he is distracted, then
sneak up behind the dark-suited man. You take a very deep breath, close your
eyes and hit him as hard as you can in the back of the head with the
sweetie-filled sock. He goes down hard and lies still, unmoving.

The other occupants of the lift are all pressed against the walls, looking
anywhere but at you. A woman gasps in horror. You turn to her, trying to
explain why you had to do it, but the woman, and the other lift occupants,
scurry away in fear.

> peel wall
You peel a thin strip of foil away from the elevator wall.

> take suitcase
You take the dark suitcase.

> open suitcase
You open the dark suitcase.  Inside the dark suitcase is a twin-pack prawn
sandwich, a roll of sellotape and a copy of Sci-fi weekly.

> take sandwich
You take the twin-pack prawn sandwich from the dark suitcase.

> take sellotape
You take the roll of sellotape from the dark suitcase.

> take sunglasses
You take the pair of dark sunglasses.

> wear sunglasses
You put on the pair of dark sunglasses. Looking good. Looking good.

> take pistol
You take the short, black pistol.

> i
Over your everyday, ordinary clothes you are wearing a pair of dark
sunglasses, and you are carrying your room key, a thin sheet of relective
foil, a terrifying cosh, a dark suitcase, a twin-pack prawn sandwich, a roll
of sellotape, a short, black pistol and a luxury class ticket.  A copy of
Sci-fi weekly is inside the dark suitcase.

> remove panel
You reach up and push the ceiling panel. You have to stand on your tiptoes,
and when you do manage to get a hold on the panel it falls to the floor,
shattering into little pieces.

You can see the lift shaft through the gap where the panel used to be. Just
off to one side you can make out a hole where a ventilation shaft runs
horizontal to the lift.

> up
You pull yourself up through the hole in the top of the lift. The lift shaft
goes up as far as the eye can see. A dark ventilation shaft is directly
horizontal to the lift top and, in the absence of a better plan, you squeeze
into it.

Ventilation Shaft
The ventilation shaft is a narrow and claustrophobic strip of tunnel running
north-south. It's too small to turn around in, so you can only move forward,
where the tunnel narrows even more, or down, back to the broken elevator. The
tunnel itself is grimy and the walling dented, as if the workmen who did this
were in a hurry. One particularly thick shard actually juts out from the
wall. In the distance, at the tight, far end of the tunnel, you can make out
a metal grill.

Glinting in the metal grill is a bright silver tray. The tray is wedged
between the bars of the grill.  Streaks of mud and grime litter all sides of
the tunnel shaft. Some of it comes away in your hand.

Also here is a pair of workmen's boots.

> take boots
You take the pair of workmen's boots.

> wear boots
You put on the pair of workmen's boots.

> x silver metal tray
A metal meal tray, the kind you would find in a canteen.  A single serving of
margarine is on the silver metal tray.

> take margarine
You take the single serving of margarine from the silver metal tray.

> x jutting metal shard
You bend the shard of metal back, and peer behind it.  A toolbox and a note
are inexpertly hidden behind the jutting metal shard.

> take toolbox
You take the toolbox from behind the jutting metal shard.

> open toolbox
You open the toolbox.  Inside the toolbox is an amazing space tool, a
collapsible wooden ruler, a pack of cigarettes and a small blowtorch.

> take blowtorch
You take the small blowtorch from the toolbox.

> take tool
You take the amazing space tool from the toolbox.

> take cigarettes
You take the pack of cigarettes from the toolbox.

> unfasten blowtorch
You use the amazing space tool to separate the two sections of the blow
torch.  They come apart easily.

> take mud
You take the mud.

> i
Over your everyday, ordinary clothes you are wearing a pair of workmen's
boots and a pair of dark sunglasses, and you are carrying your room key, a
thin sheet of relective foil, a terrifying cosh, a dark suitcase, a twin-pack
prawn sandwich, a roll of sellotape, a single serving of margarine, some mud,
a toolbox, a short, black pistol, an amazing space tool, a pack of
cigarettes, an oxygen cylinder, a flint lighter and a luxury class ticket.  A
copy of Sci-fi weekly is inside the dark suitcase.  A collapsible wooden
ruler is inside the toolbox.

> wear margarine
You rub your body with margarine until the serving is empty. You feel greasy.

> s
You squeeze your way down the tunnel, wiggling an inch at a time, the grease
of the margerine easing your passage. With an audible 'Pop,' you burst
through the metal grill and fall out into a large, open room.

Luxury Dining Area
The brochure suggested deep carpets, silver service and a huge tropical fish
tank down one wall. In fact, the dining area resembles an enormous school
canteen. A vast number of tables are arranged in rows, long benches either
side of them. Against one wall is a railed serving area, mercifully closed,
that ends in a large trolley stacked with trays.  There is a fishtank
although it isn't very big, by the front of the stage at the far end of the
hall. A gift shop is off to the west, and there is an emergency staircase
nearby. You could also squeeze back north into the ventilation shaft. There
is a huge sign above the ventilation shaft.

A large steel dustbin sits next to the trolley.
A large-bodied woman sits despondently at the front of the stage, her head
between her hands, seemingly oblivious to the microphone stand that rests
beside her.

The use of the word 'luxury' has been stretched to a new low.

> take dustbin
You take the large steel dustbin.

> get goldfish bowl
You lift up the goldfish bowl, check that no-one is looking, then empty it
out. The dead fish flops to the floor sadly. You slip the bowl under your
arm, whistling nonchantly.

> w
You walk from the Luxury Dining Area over to the impressive looking Gift
Shop.

Gift Shop
The gift shop is very plush, easily the best decorated part of the Cittian
you have seen so far. Not that this says very much. The shop is filled with
traditional gift shop fair - a t-shirt stand here, a collection of novelty
fridge magnets there, a dazzling array of chocolate behind the counter, a
wastepaper basket in the corner. Other shoppers mill around the shop,
seemingly oblivious to the chaos outside. A large window looks out onto the
darkness of space, and the exit leads back to the east.

Muzak plays softly in the background.
A glamorous shop assistant ignores you.  A pretty spanish maid vacuums the
floor.

> drop mud
You drop the mud on the carpet and step back, waiting.
A middle-aged man admires a notebook with The Cittian emblazoned on the
front.

> wait
Time passes...
The maid vacuums away, but as the cleaner goes over the mud it makes an odd
squawking noise and splutters to a stop.

The pretty spaniard turns the machine off and sighs heavily. She detaches the
long, slender hose and, putting it one side, she starts to take the vacuum
cleaner apart, looking inside for the source of the blockage.

> wait
Time passes...
An elderly lady discusses the various merits of different types of
elderflower honey.

> wait
Time passes...
One of the other shoppers drops a slip of paper on the floor. Too lazy, or
too wealthy, to pick it up, they leave it where it lies.

> take hose
You take the slender vacuum hose.

The maid notices something trapped within the vacuum.

> take dollar
You take the Cittian dollar.
The maid wiggles her arm, her fingers lost in the depths of the vacuum
cleaner.

> e
You leave the Gift Shop and return to the Luxury Dining Area.

Luxury Dining Area
The brochure suggested deep carpets, silver service and a huge tropical fish
tank down one wall. In fact, the dining area resembles an enormous school
canteen. A vast number of tables are arranged in rows, long benches either
side of them. Against one wall is a railed serving area, mercifully closed,
that ends in a large trolley stacked with trays.  There is a a large space
where the fishtank used to be. A gift shop is off to the west, and there is
an emergency staircase nearby. You could also squeeze back north into the
ventilation shaft. There is a huge sign above the ventilation shaft.
A large-bodied woman sits despondently at the front of the stage, her head
between her hands, seemingly oblivious to the microphone stand that rests
beside her.

> u
You hurry up more flights of stairs than you care to count, coming out,
panting and sweating, at the evacuation deck.

Escape Bay
The evacuation deck is a gentle hive of activity. As the ships shakes and
rumbles, an orderly queue of people are waiting very patiently, and very
englishly, to be allowed onto one of a number of southerly escape pods. A
large robot stands at the front of the queue, checking tickets.  A purple
rope separates you from the queue, and the pods. On your side of the rope you
can see a long chute disappearing out into space, a large vending machine,
and a flight of stairs leading down.

A battered child's space-suit lies in a crumpled heap. It looks serviceable,
if a little worn and on the small side.
A large Robot blocks your path.

> take space-suit
You take the child's battered space-suit.

> put dollar in slot
You push the Cittian dollar into the slot and watch as the vending machine
sucks at it greedily. Underneath the slot a light flashes up. It reads $1.00.

> type a 1
You enter the letter followed by a number. The chosen item falls into the
vending machine drawer.

> type a 2
You enter the letter followed by a number. The chosen item falls into the
vending machine drawer.

> type a 3
You enter the letter followed by a number. The chosen item falls into the
vending machine drawer.

> type a 4
You enter the letter followed by a number. The chosen item falls into the
vending machine drawer.

> take all from drawer
You take the white chocolate Cadbury-Schweppes™ Space Bar, another white
chocolate Cadbury-Schweppes™ Space bar, yet another a white chocolate
Cadbury-Schweppes™ Space Bar and one more a white chocolate
Cadbury-Schweppes™ Space Bar from the vending machine drawer.

> i
Over your everyday, ordinary clothes you are wearing a pair of workmen's
boots and a pair of dark sunglasses, and you are carrying your room key, a
thin sheet of relective foil, a terrifying cosh, a dark suitcase, a twin-pack
prawn sandwich, a roll of sellotape, an empty goldfish bowl, a large steel
dustbin, a toolbox, a child's battered space-suit, a white chocolate
Cadbury-Schweppes™ Space Bar, another white chocolate Cadbury-Schweppes™
Space bar, yet another a white chocolate Cadbury-Schweppes™ Space Bar, one
more a white chocolate Cadbury-Schweppes™ Space Bar, a short, black pistol,
an amazing space tool, a pack of cigarettes, an oxygen cylinder, a flint
lighter, a slender vacuum hose and a luxury class ticket.  A copy of Sci-fi
weekly is inside the dark suitcase.  A collapsible wooden ruler is inside the
toolbox.

> d
You hurry back down the stairs.

Luxury Dining Area
The brochure suggested deep carpets, silver service and a huge tropical fish
tank down one wall. In fact, the dining area resembles an enormous school
canteen. A vast number of tables are arranged in rows, long benches either
side of them. Against one wall is a railed serving area, mercifully closed,
that ends in a large trolley stacked with trays.  There is a a large space
where the fishtank used to be. A gift shop is off to the west, and there is
an emergency staircase nearby. You could also squeeze back north into the
ventilation shaft. There is a huge sign above the ventilation shaft.
A large-bodied woman sits despondently at the front of the stage, her head
between her hands, seemingly oblivious to the microphone stand that rests
beside her.

> give space bar to woman
You toss the milky white chocolate towards the large lady and she snatches at
it gleefully. After a few seconds of hapless fumbling with the wrapper, she
pulls off her long, black gloves and tosses them aside. Then she tears into
the chocolate noisily.

You shudder. If that counts as real food, you dread to think what they were
serving in the dining room.

> take gloves
You take the pair of long black gloves.

> wear gloves
You pull on the gloves. They reach all the way up to your elbows.

> u
You hurry up more flights of stairs than you care to count, coming out,
panting and sweating, at the evacuation deck.

Escape Bay
The evacuation deck is a gentle hive of activity. As the ships shakes and
rumbles, an orderly queue of people are waiting very patiently, and very
englishly, to be allowed onto one of a number of southerly escape pods. A
large robot stands at the front of the queue, checking tickets.  A purple
rope separates you from the queue, and the pods. On your side of the rope you
can see a long chute disappearing out into space, a large vending machine,
and a flight of stairs leading down.
A large Robot blocks your path.

> wear space-suit
With great difficulty you fight you way into the child's battered space-suit.
It stops at your elbows and your shins, and it's tight as hell.

> wear bowl
You shake the final drops of water from the bowl, then slip the makeshift
helmet over your head.

> wrap dustbin with foil
You wrap the steel drum with the long sheet of foil, and fasten it in place
with the sellotape.

> attach cylinder to hose
You force the vacuum hose onto the cylinder of oxygen. It isn't pretty, but
it looks like it will just about work as a makeshift oxygen tank.

> drop all
You drop your room key, the terrifying cosh, the dark suitcase, the twin-pack
prawn sandwich, the toolbox, the white chocolate Cadbury-Schweppes™ Space
Bar, another white chocolate Cadbury-Schweppes™ Space bar, yet another a
white chocolate Cadbury-Schweppes™ Space Bar, one more a white chocolate
Cadbury-Schweppes™ Space Bar, the shiny steel dustbin, the short, black
pistol, the amazing space tool, the pack of cigarettes, the flint lighter,
the oxygen tank and the luxury class ticket.

> take sandwich
You take the twin-pack prawn sandwich.

> take oxygen tank
You take the oxygen tank.

> take dustbin
You take the shiny steel dustbin.

> i
Over your everyday, ordinary clothes you are wearing a pair of workmen's
boots, a pair of dark sunglasses, an empty goldfish bowl, a child's battered
space-suit and a pair of long black gloves, and you are carrying a twin-pack
prawn sandwich, a shiny steel dustbin and an oxygen tank.

> put dustbin in chute
You wedge the foil-wrapped dustbin in the garbage chute. It's a tight fit,
but you manage to force it in.

> enter dustbin
You climb in the dustbin and pull the lid almost closed. You take one last
look around, say a quick prayer and then reach out and press the button on
the front of the chute. You only have a few seconds, so you have to work
quickly. You pull the lid closed, then use a few stray wisps of sellotape to
fasten yourself firmly inside.

There is a loud 'Whoosh' as the bin falls into the airlock. A few seconds
later a 'click' follows and then . . . silence.

Press any key to continue

You feel yourself drifting, weightless, through the depths of space. You
can't tell where you are headed. You can't even tell if you're headed
anywhere at all. And space is silent. Utterly, absolutely silent.

You drift on.

And on.

And on.

Then, after what seems like an eternity, you start to feel pressure. The
pressure is followed by more pressure, then noise. A quiet burr, which
increases in volume until it has become a roar. Your dustbin spacecraft sadly
lacks anti-gforce technology and you start to become dizzy. As the roar
builds to a crescendo so loud you fear you ears might pop, the world goes
black and you start to fade away.

Away.
Away.

Aw-

Press any key to continue

Valley
You are stood in what was once a lush, pink valley.
The key words there are was and pink. Wherever you are, it isn't Earth.
Whatever this place is, it's seen better days.

Charred bushes are bunched sporadically around the blackened stumps of former
strees. The grass - what's left of it - is patchy and tinder-stick dry. The
dustbin has ripped a deep furrow through the valley basin.

In the midst of this desolation stands a ruined cottage, the thin walls
holding up the few timbers that remain. The cottage looks like it was some
kind of observatory, or control tower. It looks, or looked, out over a
monolith of sorts-  a stone slab that sits atop two round boulders. Beneath
the slab, and between the boulders, is a hole, the cave mouth of a tunnel
that burrows deep into the steep, eastern valley wall.

In between the cottage and the monolith is a sign. It's wooden, but its metal
rim has saved it from the worst of the fire. The words are mostly burnt away,
but some writing remains. It reads . . .

Launch Pad Thisaway

It points towards the monument, and the hole.

Behind the valley wall looms the huge shape of the Cittian. It seems that you
weren't the only thing to crash land here.

Also here is a broken, empty oxygen tank.

Feeling hungry you pop the prawn sandwiches into your mouth and munch happily
until they are gone.

You pull yourself groggily to your feet and give yourself a quick once over.
Amazingly, you seem to be in one piece. Your home-made space-suit appears to
have welded itself to you body but, aside from a few cuts and bruises, you're
fine.

Now you just have to work out how to get off this strange new planet, and
back to Earth.

> in
You carefully step into the ruins of the alien cottage.

Alien Cottage
You stand in the ruins of the alien cottage. Most of the building is rubble
and dirt, but a table is still standing in the centre of the room. The table
is covered in all sorts of papers and charts.

The only exit is back outside, to the north.

> x hand
The shrivelled black hand pokes out of the rubble. Presumably the owner is
buried somewhere beneath.  A purple disc is on shrivelled black hand.

> take disc
You take the purple disc from shrivelled black hand.

> out
You step out of the ruined cottage.

Valley
You are stood in what was once a lush, pink valley.
The key words there are was and pink. Wherever you are, it isn't Earth.
Whatever this place is, it's seen better days.

Charred bushes are bunched sporadically around the blackened stumps of former
strees. The grass - what's left of it - is patchy and tinder-stick dry. The
dustbin has ripped a deep furrow through the valley basin.

In the midst of this desolation stands a ruined cottage, the thin walls
holding up the few timbers that remain. The cottage looks like it was some
kind of observatory, or control tower. It looks, or looked, out over a
monolith of sorts-  a stone slab that sits atop two round boulders. Beneath
the slab, and between the boulders, is a hole, the cave mouth of a tunnel
that burrows deep into the steep, eastern valley wall.

In between the cottage and the monolith is a sign. It's wooden, but its metal
rim has saved it from the worst of the fire. The words are mostly burnt away,
but some writing remains. It reads . . .

Launch Pad Thisaway

It points towards the monument, and the hole.

Behind the valley wall looms the huge shape of the Cittian. It seems that you
weren't the only thing to crash land here.

Also here is a broken, empty oxygen tank.

> e
You step gingerly into the mouth of the cave. After a few moments of
darkness, you find yourself in a brightly lit room.

Hangar
The launch area is a wide hangar, seemingly chiselled out of hills in the
manner of  Bond villain hideout. The hangar is deserted, and almost empty.
The only thing in the whole of the place is an absolutely enormous
saucer-shaped space-ship which rests in the centre and extends to fill almost
the whole room. The valley lies back to the west.

> i
You are carrying a purple disc.

> open door with disc
You push the purple disc into the slot and it clicks in place. There is a
dull 'whoosh' and the door rises.

> enter space-ship
You walk up the ramp and enter the space-ship.

Alien Spaceship
The room is dark, and you can make out nothing but a light switch. You can
feel the fear building in the pit of your stomach.

> press switch
The reaction is instantaneous, the room is bright.

Alien Spaceship
You are stood on the alien space-ship's bridge. It is a large and open space,
lined with banks of computers and strange, alien devices. A shiny, mirrored
rubbish chute, and what looks like a microwave break up the complex
technology. An impressive-looking chair sits in the centre of the room,
facing a large computer panel. In front of the panel is a huge bay window,
from which you can see the inside of the hangar. The rest of the ship lies
behind you, to the west, and there is some kind of shuttle off to the south.

Also here is a transparent alien dustbin.
The hideous alien waits patiently by a bank of computers. He watches you
expectantly.
The hideous alien turns to face you. His mouth opens, and he emits a strange
series of hight-pitched beeps and whistles.

'Ah, Captain, at last,' says the hideous alien, 'welcome to your ship.
Everything is ready sir, we take off on your say so.'
The hideous alien gestures towards the large Captain's chair.

> look

Alien Spaceship
You are stood on the alien space-ship's bridge. It is a large and open space,
lined with banks of computers and strange, alien devices. A shiny, mirrored
rubbish chute, and what looks like a microwave break up the complex
technology. An impressive-looking chair sits in the centre of the room,
facing a large computer panel. In front of the panel is a huge bay window,
from which you can see the inside of the hangar. The rest of the ship lies
behind you, to the west, and there is some kind of shuttle off to the south.

Also here is a transparent alien dustbin.
The hideous alien waits patiently by a bank of computers. He watches you
expectantly.  The hideous alien gestures towards the large Captain's chair.

> sit on chair
You settle down in the Captain's chair. The hideous alien gives you a curt
nod and turns his back on you. Immediately the ship starts to move, rocking
and swaying. You feel the thrust of powerful jet engines, and the mountain
opens up around you.

You stare through the window as the rock peels back and the ship blasts
upward, into the sky. Faster it moves, until it reaches the blackness of
space, and the ground below has faded to a memory.

Alien Spaceship
You are stood on the alien space-ship's bridge. It is a large and open space,
lined with banks of computers and strange, alien devices. A shiny, mirrored
rubbish chute, and what looks like a microwave break up the complex
technology. An impressive-looking chair sits in the centre of the room,
facing a large computer panel. In front of the panel is a huge bay window,
from which you can see the planet Jupiter. The rest of the ship lies behind
you, to the west, and there is some kind of shuttle off to the south.

Also here is a transparent alien dustbin.
The hideous alien waits patiently by a bank of computers. He watches you
expectantly.  The hideous alien gestures towards the large Captain's chair.

The ship floats in space, Jupiter just a planet beneath you.

> press red button
You push the coloured button. There is a large slamming sound and locks and
bars appear on the western door, shutting it firmly in place.

The hideous alien looks at you incredulously.

'Sir,' he begins, 'what are you doing? Why have you locked down the ship?'

> press green button
You push the coloured button. A loud klaxon sounds. The hideous alien looks
at you frantically.

'Captain - you've initiated the full power shutdown. If you don't override
it, the air supply will be cut off. Our people will die.'

> press blue button
You push the coloured button. 'Noooooooooooo.' screams the hideous alien, but
it's too late.

The button lights up, the craft seems to glow around you. You look out of the
window as a huge bolt of purple light shoots from the ship and towards the
planet behind you. As the light hits Jupiter there is a huge, silent
explosion.

Jupiter is torn apart from the inside, imploding noiselessly, rock and matter
disintegrating. In just a few seconds nothing is left of the planet but smoke
and dust.

Oops.

The hideous alien watches his homeworld vanish before his eyes. He doesn't
move. Then he turns, very slowly, towards you. He doesn't look happy.

'Traitor.' he yells, 'by vornash, I will destroy you.'

The alien draws a slim laser pistol and advances toward you.

> wait
Time passes...
The alien fires wildly, laser bolts slamming into the wall behind you where
they fizzle into the absorbent material. You barely get out of the way in
time.

> stand beside mirror
You stand before the mirrorred rubbish chute.

'Die traitorous spy.' shouts the hideous alien, brandishing his laser pistol.
He aims and fires. You just about manage to hurl yourself to one side and
watch as the bolt of light slams into the mirrored cabinet, then bounces back
toward the alien.

He falls to the ground with a strangled cry, his hideous alien body smoking.

> take head
You bend down, leaning over the corpse of the hideous alien. You prod it once
or twice with your foot - just to make sure that it really is dead.

The hideous alien doesn't move.

Very gingerly, you put one hand either side of its transparent dome of a
head, and you start to twist. The head jerks and squeaks. Eventually, after
what feels like hours, you tug and the alien head comes away in your hands
with a noisy 'sploosh'.

You take a deep breath, and lift the bowl over your head. It fits nicely. It
also feels awful and smells rather like cheese. You feel a bit sick.

The helmet is full of an odd gaseous substance. It feels like oxygen.

More gas leaks from the fast-shrivelling body of the alien. It would appear
that the substance is the physical aspect of the alien.

Great. Not only have you killed an alien and then mutilated its corpse, now
you're consuming it. Still, it makes a nice alternative to an oxygen tank.
There is a loud banging on the locked door. You should probably get out of
the ship.

> use microwave
'Food processing in process,' the not-quite-a-microwave informs you. After a
few seconds of whirring and smoke, it adds 'food processing complete. Please
enjoy your food.'

Amidst the grey steam, you can't make out a gleaming foodstuff.
You hear the 'swoosh' of laser pistols firing against the door. Mercifully,
it seems to be strong enough to withstand the barrage. Still, those escape
pods look awfully inviting. If only you knew how to launch them . . .

> look in microwave
The thing looks like a microwave. It also looks obscenely complicated, and is
covered in undecipherable runic alien letters. You decide to leave it alone.
A white chocolate Cadbury-Schweppes™ Space Bar is inside the thing what looks
like a microwave.
You lean heavily on the control panel, and speak out loud in frustration.

'How the hell do you launch the escape pod-'

'DNA reading accepted, translation selected: English,' a calm female voice
announces.

You look down at your hands, and notice the glowing pad beneath you right
palm.

Finally, something goes right.

'Order accepted,' continues the voice, 'escape pods launched.'

'What?' you ask the voice. You look around the room, but you're too late.
Before you've taken more than two steps the pod doors have slipped closed.

'Nooo.' you yell. You can only watch as hundreds of empty escape pods
jettison into space.

You stand briefly with your head in your hands, before sighing heavily. You
look from the garbage chute to the transparent alien dustbin. Here you go
again.

The vidscreen lights up and the face of another of the hideous aliens appears
on the screen.

'You have turned off the life support, our people are dying. Captain, you
must . . .' The alien tails off when he realises who you are. 'So, we have
been betrayed.'

The alien turns, and the vidscreen clicks off.

> take space bar
You take the white chocolate Cadbury-Schweppes™ Space Bar from the thing what
looks like a microwave.

> take dustbin
You take the transparent alien dustbin.
You can hear what sounds like faint screams in the distance.

> i
You are carrying a white chocolate Cadbury-Schweppes™ Space Bar, a purple
disc and a transparent alien dustbin.

> put dustbin in chute
Sighing, you once again set about the task of wedging a dustbin into a
garbage chute. It's a tight fit, but you manage to force it in.

Choking and spluttering, the hideous alien stares into his vid-screen.

'Well, -kharak khoff- you may have defeated us traitorous Earth spy, but know
this, you will die with us. There will be no rescue for -khoff- you. We have
sabotaged the ship.'

The hideous alien proudly holds up a series of torn, sparking wires.

'You have destroyed our planet and decimated our race, but we will have
vengeance. You will die, and if so much as one of our number remains, then
mark my words, they will wait, they will build and they will not rest until
they have wiped earth and every last earthman from the face of the Universe.'

The hideous alien dissolves into a series of spluttering coughs and the vid
screen crackles and pops. The picture is replaced by static.

The ship starts to shake and rumble. Great, you think to yourself, it's
happening again.

> enter dustbin
You take a deep breath and, once again, climb into a dustbin. You pull the
lid closed.

'Computer,' you say, wearily.
'Yes Captain,' the computer answers.
'Empty the garbage chute.'
'Yes Captain, lights dimmed.'

The lights dim.

'No, empty the garbage chute.'
'Yes Captain, course set for Alpha Centari 5.'

The ship moves abruptly.

'No,' you sigh, 'empty the garbage chute.'
'Activating-'
'No.'

It really hasn't been your day. You've been on two disintegrating spaceships,
you're wearing a dead alien's head and now, all want to do is get flushed
into space in a dustbin, for the second time, and you can't.

You slide off the lid and start to clamber out of the dustbin.

Alien Spaceship
You are stood on the alien space-ship's bridge. It is a large and open space,
lined with banks of computers and strange, alien devices. A shiny, mirrored
rubbish chute, and what looks like a microwave break up the complex
technology. An impressive-looking chair sits in the centre of the room,
facing a large computer panel. In front of the panel is a huge bay window,
from which you can see the remains of the planet Jupiter. The rest of the
ship lies behind you, to the west, and there are locked doors where the
escape pod used to be.
A hideous and headless alien corpse is here.

The ship is disintegrating around you, the aliens obviously decided that they
were going to take you, and it, with them.

'I didn't want to get flushed out of the garbage chute anyway,' you mutter
darkly.'

'Garbage chute emptying,' the Computer explains calmly.

You pause, half-way out of the dustbin, lid in hand.
'What-'

WHOOOOOSH

Hit Any Key to Continue

        *                        *                *
     *                                *
         *
                *
           *                                                *
*                                                                        *
                                                                    *
                                        *

        *
   *

                                        *
                *                                        *

              *
                                *
                                                                *
           *                                        *
        *                                        *

                        *                                                *
                            *
*
*
                                           *                        *
                                               *
                                  *

                                 *                                        *

                       *

                  *                                        *
                              *
         *

                                                      *
         *
    *

Space . . . it's really big.
But REALLY big.
Like HUGE.

You'd never really noticed before. But now, in your transparent escape bin,
you can see everything. The whole universe stretches before you, and it's
endless. Everywhere, as far as you can see, are stars and darkness. You
wonder how many other people are out there, just drifting, watching,
understanding what it's like to feel so small, so awed, so insignificant.

You wonder if any of them are trapped in an alien dustbin.

Hit Any Key to Continue

You float, and float, and float. You float for so long that you start to get
hungry. You get so hungry that you eat the chocolate bar. It tastes awful. It
tastes so awful that you don't notice that a certain smallish green and blue
planet is getting awfully close until the burning heat or re-entry is making
you pass out. Everything is pretty dark already, but it somehow endeavours to
get darker.

Hit Any Key to Continue

You wake up face-down, spluttering water. So this is it, you think. Lost at
sea. When astronauts come down on the telly, they always have those
parachutes AND people are ready to rescue them. No such luck for you. You
look up.

Instead of endless water you see:

Back Garden
A small back garden. Green grass, a patio and a pond, in which you are
currently submerged. There is a house to the east, and a hole in the fence to
the west.

A small boy watches you with fascination.

> stand
You get up. The small boy looks you in the eye, screams, and runs off in
terror, back toward the house.

> west
You trudge westwards, dripping water. As you walk down the street people flee
in all directions.

Royston, eastside
The eastside of a very average, very english town. It has a big rock. They're
very proud of their rock in Royston. You can go west, north, south or east,
through a hole in someone's fence.

> examine rock
The rock is big, you are impressed.

> west
You continue westwards, walking through the town.

Royston, westside
The westside of a very average, very english town. You notice a distinct
absence or rock. You can go west, east, south or north, to your house.

> x distinct absence of rock
You examine the absence of rock. The absence of rock makes you feel sad.

> north
You turn into your street and walk up your driveway.

Your driveway
Your driveway, leading to your house. The street is back to the south, or you
could go in, to your house.

> open door, in
You open the front door, and walk into your house.

Your Hallway
The very standard, very ordinary, very average hallway of you very average
house. Your front room lies to the north, you first floor is upstairs. There
is some post lying on your doormat. You drip sadly on the floor.

> get mail, read mail
You pick up the post and read it. It says . . .

Dear Jonathan
We are happy to inform you that you have won a once in a lifetime trip on a
cruise around the-

You tear up the junk mail. You remove the helmet and kick of your shoes. With
great effort you tear off your gloves and the shrunken, battered, child's
space-suit. Then, still dripping, you walk up your stairs, to bed.
