Loading game...

The Long Journey Home

In the Beginning
Please enter your gender.  Type "male" or "female".

> female
        It's late.  You toss and turn gently, trying not to disturb your
spouse's peaceful slumber.  Thoughts are racing through your mind.  You're
miserable at work, burned completely out on what you do.  You hate it.  Other
pains are invading your mind, as well.  Your children keep you too occupied
to have time to yourself.  Not that you really resent them.  In fact it's the
opposite;  you love them so much that you want to give them time enough to
serve their needs.  But, it seems as though you have no time to get any sort
of piece of mind.  No time to reflect, to think, to do an enjoyable activity,
to even have time to vegetate and do nothing.  Financial problems are
brewing.  Missing bonuses has put an unbelievable strain on not only being
able to keep up with the bills and the house payment and the car payments,
but also you your relationship with your husband.  The fitful rest continues.
        A quick glance at the clock notes that the red glowing numbers are
lighting the room and pushing on you the fact that it's two in the morning.
A deep cleansing sigh isn't enough to rid the discomfort well enough to
invoke even a cursory sleep, so you slide your body wearily around, dropping
your feet to the floor.  You just sit there a moment pondering your thoughts.
        Trying to invoke some sort of relief, you get up in hopes that
movement or just doing something different will clear your mind.  It doesn't.
 But, you're up now.  You can't sleep standing up.  There must be some
activity to provide a mental distraction to the plagues in your head.

The bedroom
        Your bedroom is only partially lighted, with a beam of bright
moonlight straining in between the blinds over the window.  The door to the
bathroom to the north dangles on its hinge, leaving it almost half way open.
The bedroom door to the east is shut completely.  The dressor mirror reflects
the red glow of the clock menacingly, nagging at you to return to sleep.
Also here is the mirror.

> z
Time passes...

> z
Time passes...

> z
Time passes...

> z
Time passes...

> z
Time passes...

> z
Time passes...

> z
Time passes...

> z
Time passes...

> z
Time passes...

> z
Time passes...

> z
Time passes...
        As you are looking around the room, trying to gather an indication of
what might be happening, you happen to glance across the mirror.  Something
about the mirror pulls you towards it.  The glass loosens into elastic-like
waves.  In fact, there appears not to be any glass anymore.  Silver waves
undulate across the mirror, like an ocean of mercury with a genlte breeze
rippling the surface.

> go through mirror
        Carefully placing your leg through the remaining frame of the mirror,
you step inside the small vessel and sit with oars poised in your hands.  An
amazing peacefulness befalls you, like the calm after a long storm.

The Mirror Portal
        You are in the midst of a vast silver ocean which extends in all
directions for as far as you can see.  The mercury-like water ripples as a
gentle breeze flows across it.  Voices whisper from somewhere distant,
echoing all around you. "I do."  "Your daughter has some complications."
"Girls can't play football!"  "Mommy, my tummy hurts."   A warm light glows
orange, like a brilliant sunset.  A small island lies to the distant north.

> n
You move north.

The Island
        The tiny island features a long rope, which handily pulls you ashore.
 The soft sediment beneath your bare feet relaxes you with a comfortable
feeling that you are someplace protective. There seems to be nothing else of
interest here, besides a small wishing well, made with large, smooth rocks
and a tall palm.  Also here is a long heavy rope.

> take rope
You pick up the long heavy rope.

> tie rope to palm
        You tie the rope snugly to the palm tree in a manner that seems very
sturdy.

> drop rope in well
        The rope slides down the well, uncoiling until it stretches to its
full length deep into the darkness so far that you cannot see its end.

> down
The Well Pit
        Jagged rock points downward, like the sharp spikes that normally run
along the driveway entrance to a secure parking lot.  The barbs of these
rocks covers the walls of a long, earthen tunnel that travels far up to a
tiny, round opening with warm, orange sunlight barely making its way down to
you, resting on a muddy floor.  You have climbed down, but you can not
possibly climb up.  A large iron gate guards an exit to the south.  Your long
rope dangles from the top of the tunnel.

> s
You move south.

The Lair
        A dark room, lit by the dim flickering light of flames from small
torches on the walls, lays itself out in front of you with grim, almost
reddish walls that give a foreboding appearance.  The northern wall of the
large, stone room is broken by the presence of a large hearth that takes up a
majority of the space.  An enormous creature crouches in front of the hearth,
watching flames from a roaring fire flicker across.  A large iron gate is
locked shut in the northwestern corner of the room.  Three other exits lead
out, one to the east, one to the west, and one to the south.  Each is so dark
as to not give any clue where it leads.  The creature stands and stairs.
        The creature suddenly jolts himself to his feet and turns his gaze
rapidly towards you.  With a blast of hot breath from his nose, his black
eyes pierce through you and melt your soul with uneasiness.  She watches your
every move, or lack thereof.

> s
        As you begin to move the creature blasts through the air in winged
flight and lands directly in front you, blocking your progress.  She drops
her head down, to be level with your own, then moves her face directly into
yours, staring deep into your eyes.  As you gaze back at the black eyes, you
notice that they do not reflect, and nausea sets in with your uneasy soul.
Just as you begin to feel you are going to pass out underneath the pressure,
the creature smiles and backs away just slightly enough to hand you
something.  It’s a card.  The creature then steps aside and allows you to
pass.

> e
You move east.

The path to Sorrow
        The darkness gives way to a dim light as you enter this large room.
Although you are most decidedly within a room, you feel as though you are
outdoors.  The stone walls enclose a narrow path, winding through tight scrub
and small trees.  The tiny path leads further to the southeast.

> se
You move southeast.

The slippery slope
        The path narrows to a point that leaves you wondering if you are
really on a path, or if you have lead your way into a wilderness choked by
the trees and brush.  You now have to force your way through thorny branches
and thick leaves.  The dim gray lighting seems grayer as you progress.  The
entire area inclines at greater degrees the further you move, until you find
yourself groping for stability and cling tightly to the thorny branches to
keep from sliding down the incline.
        Your foot suddenly breaks free from the ground, your quick grab for a
thin branch, leaves the branch breaking loose in your hand as you descend
down a steep slope into a pit, mired with wet sticky mud, and encircled by
brambles and thorns so thick that you wonder if you can possibly climb your
way out.  Your body bleeds from the wounds you’ve received from your fall.
Your feet have planted themselves firmly in the soft mud, and are beginning
to sink.  A shovel, with its old, rotting wooden handle, leans up against the
muddy side of the pit.

> take shovel
You pick up the rusty old shovel.

> dig
        You lack energy to such a degree that the effort seems incredibly
daunting, though you are able to encourage yourself enough so as to scrape
away a few shovel fulls of mud from the sides of the pit.  An tiny, thin
object appears in the mud within the cavity you’ve just created.

> take queen of clubs
You pick up the Queen of Clubs.

> climb
        You place your foot deeply into the cavity in the side of the pit and
work your way up it’s steep sides to the top.  As you pull yourself up, the
thick brambles and thorns cut into your flesh.  The ascent is painful, but
inspiring and encouraging as you are able to once again stand on former
ground.  However, your footing remains precarious, and the tiny, narrow path
seems to be completely blocked out by heavy thorny scrub.

> chop brush with shovel
        You hack at the thick underbrush with your makeshift machete and a
path begins to clear.  After a long, tiresome labor, your have cleared enough
of the entanglement to proceed northwest along the path.

> nw
You move northwest.

The path to Sorrow
        The darkness gives way to a dim light as you enter this large room.
Although you are most decidedly within a room, you feel as though you are
outdoors.  The stone walls enclose a narrow path, winding through tight scrub
and small trees.  The tiny path leads further to the southeast.

> w
You move west.

The Lair
        A dark room, lit by the dim flickering light of flames from small
torches on the walls, lays itself out in front of you with grim, almost
reddish walls that give a foreboding appearance.  The northern wall of the
large, stone room is broken by the presence of a large hearth that takes up a
majority of the space.  An enormous creature crouches in front of the hearth,
watching flames from a roaring fire flicker across.  A large iron gate is
locked shut in the northwestern corner of the room.  Three other exits lead
out, one to the east, one to the west, and one to the south.  Each is so dark
as to not give any clue where it leads.  The creature stands and stairs.

> s
You move south.

The path to Anger
        Sweltering heat blisters your skin with humid air that breaks you out
into an immediate sweat.  The room's walls are long hearth with open fires
raging and embers emblazoned with hews of bright blue, orange, and red.  A
low-frequency noise invades the air with the sound of something like high
pressure pushing against the stone in the walls.  Large vents against the
north wall are releasing gusts of steam at an alarming rate.  An exit leads
south.

> s
You move south.

The Reservoir
        At the edge of a small reservoir, you stand next to a tiny raft with
a sail.  The water fills the entire rooms width.  Although it is quite some
distance, you can see that the water leads further to the south into some
sort of opening, perhaps another room.  A long pipe runs along the wall.

> get on raft
        As you step onto the tiny raft, a thunderous blast can be heard from
the room to the north.  Before you can react, a huge gust of powerful hot air
rushes through and shoves up against the sail of the raft to carry you
forward at a speed that brings you to your knees against the hard wooden
flooring.  In an instant, your small vessel crashes against a rock landing
and you are thrown from it with a final impact that stuns you.  You struggle
to breath as you pull yourself up from the floor to examine your
surroundings.

> get mast
        After some pulling and tugging, you manage to twist the tiny mast
away from the raft.

> remove debris
        With the long rod from the mast of the raft, you manage to clear the
the holes of debris as super-heated steam blasts through into the room,
making it even hotter than before.

> close valve
Hmmmmm.  Try something different.

> mount pipe
        The pipe fittings are now attached to the pipes and to the walsl.

> open valve
        With the debris removed from the holes, and the pipe fitting in
place, you slowly turn the valve in anticipation.  With the sound of a
releasing hiss, the pipes fill with steam and race outward to another
location.  With the slow release of the steam in place, the pressure on the
walls of the room seems to be resolved.  A card is blown in with the last bit
of steam exhausted from the other room.

> take queen of diamonds
You pick up the Queen of Diamonds.

> n
You can't go in any direction!

> i
You are carrying a rusty old shovel, the Queen of Hearts, the Queen of Clubs,
the mast and the Queen of Diamonds.  The canvas are on the mast.

> score
Your score is 30 out of a maximum of 90.  (33%)

> quit
Do you really want to quit? [Y/N]
