Loading game...

Laboratory
R.A.T.S.

A mini one-room game by C. Henshaw

Press any key

Laboratory
Although the most cutting-edge (literally) work goes on in this laboratory,
it is far removed from the pristine smooth-surfaced labs of the above-ground,
Commission-approved research facilities. No white-coated technicians wander
these halls in rimless hover-glasses whilst balancing clipboards and
polystyromer cups of coffee.

In fact, if any of them ever even knew this lab existed, they'd be highly
amused and almost certainly mocking. Here, all experiments are done under
flickering, old-fashioned incandescents; walls are covered with peeling
textured wall-paper, and spotty carpet covers the floors. All but one of the
computers are Windows-driven, and rest on desks that could have come out of
library study rooms from the 1960s (in fact, they probably did).

But I and my colleagues are fortunate to have what we do have, all of it
being conveniently already here, or scavenged from dusty store-rooms or even
dump sites.

There is a large microscope on one of the desks.  Bels toddles around looking
busy.  Gripper stares fixedly at one of the computer screens.

> press vent
I push the vent button, and with a hiss air starts coming back into the
microscope chamber.

'You know, Kath, if you ever get tired of that old man you're married to,
just give me a call.'
'Yeah, Gripper, why don't you hold your breath?'

> turn cap anti-clockwise
I turn the cap 90 degrees anti-clockwise to release the seal.

'Gripper, cut that out' I hear Bels whine.

> remove cap
I remove the cap from the air lock.

Bels sighs loudly and thwacks some papers on one of the desks.

Gripper puts a pencil in his ear, wiggles it, pulls it out and makes a
suprised face.

> put slide in microscope
I carefully put the glass slide in the chamber.

'Gripper, cut that out' I hear Bels whine.

'You know, Kath, if you ever get tired of that old man you're married to,
just give me a call.'
'Yeah, Gripper, why don't you hold your breath?'

> put cap on air lock
I put the cap back on the air lock.

'Kath, d'you think the Commisson will ever send any inspectors down here?'
Bels asks.
'Down here?' I scoff 'They never go below top-side - no it would be the
police, not the inspectors.'
'Oh, that's great,' Gripper says staring at his screen morosely.

> turn cap clockwise
I turn the cap of the air lock 90 degrees clockwise to seal the air lock. The
chamber can now be evacuated.

'Kath, d'you think the Commisson will ever send any inspectors down here?'
Bels asks.
'Down here?' I scoff 'They never go below top-side - no it would be the
police, not the inspectors.'
'Oh, that's great,' Gripper says staring at his screen morosely.

Gripper belches long and loud. Simultaneously Bels and I grimace to
ourselves.

> press pump
The pump starts taking air out of the microscope chamber.

Bels sighs loudly and thwacks some papers on one of the desks.

Gripper puts a pencil in his ear, wiggles it, pulls it out and makes a
suprised face.

> turn dial
I turn the dial until the picture comes into focus.

Bels sighs loudly and thwacks some papers on one of the desks.

Gripper comes over to check on my progress. He uses the opportunity to look
down my shirt as usual, but never seems to realise that I will never wear a
look-downable-shirt around him, ever.

> examine screen
I've finally got the sample in, vac on and the image focused. A greyscale
image of the tooth appears, and I gasp in wonder.

'Bels, Gripper, get your arses over here.'

They rush over and gaze at the imaging screen.

'What the hell?' says Gripper.

'Oh my God!' says Bels.

'This is just what we've been looking for.' I say.

[Press any key to end]
