Loading game...

I am the Law
Written by djchallis
Beta-tested by Kiravorn, Beanless & Raindrop.

This game was written as an entry to an ADRIFT competition called "The Odd
Competition". It's rules gave strict limitations to your programming (limited
rooms, objects, tasks, events & characters). Therefore this, and the other
entries, are rather short and aren't that intricate. This game may feel a
little bland or empty, and it lacks much of the polish I'd like to put in.
Please do not use this game to judge the standard of my text adventures or
stories, but please do enjoy the game.
Thanks. :-)

(press any key to continue)

The next two screens explain the basics of text adventures for the benefit of
those who aren't familiar with them. If you already are, don't forget to read
the screen marked "important", because you'll still need to know that.

Text adventures put you, the reader, in control of the lead character. The
game will tell you the story, where you are and what you're doing, and will
then leave it up to you. Whatever you type, your character will do.

Commands are typically in the form: "verb noun". For example:
"Kick the bucket"
"Open the door"

They can get more complicated:
"Put the pen on the table"
"Cut the rope with the scissors"

(press any key to continue)

Here are some of the basic commands you'll need to use for this game,
although it will likely be required to use other ones as well. I use a pen as
an example in the list.

"Examine pen" - give you a closer look at the pen for clues.
"Move north" - walks north. The directions you'll need to walk in are N, S, W
& E.
"Inventory" - tells you what items you're carrying.
"Look" - tells you about your surroundings.
"Take pen" - picks up the pen.

Most of these commands have alternatives that also work, and also short-hand
versions to save time.
l = look
x = examine
i = inventory
n = north
etc.

Text adventures generally require clever thought to proceed. Read everything
carefully and try anything you think of.

(press any key to continue)

IMPORTANT!

In this game knowledge is everything. You are trying to solve a murder. The
way to do this is to ask characters about thigs. Please use the default
ADRIFT phrasing for this:
"Ask Bob about Jim"
(please always include the name of the character you're talking to.)

You can ask characters about other characters, or about objects, or events,
or places, or anything. Chances are if it's been mentioned somewhere, they'll
have something to say about it. If you ask them about the right things,
you'll get some useful knowledge. Always ask characters about single-word
subjects, or short phrases or names.

On some occasions, new pieces of information will be written in blue text.
When this happens, you can ask characters about what was in blue, regardless
of how many words it was. For example:
"Ask Bob about blue text"
This will happen for subjects you might miss or might not guess the phrasing
for. But not all new subjects will be in blue. If you think a character said
something important, ask them about it anyway.

When you think you know who the murderer was, type:
"make verdict"
The game will then ask for your thoughts. If you're right, you'll win; if
not, you won't.

Lastly, please click on the options tab at the top of your window. Make sure
"verbose" is ticked. Also, click on "Display & Media..." button and make sure
the box marked: "Room names in descriptions" is ticked.
Thank you.

(press any key to continue)

I am the Law
by djchallis

I stand up from my chair as I feel my one-man ship docking with the space
station. Sure enough, the door to my ship opens in front of me a second
later. I take out my electronic notepad, ready to make notes. There's a man
waiting for me a few paces away, so I walk out to greet him.
"Good morning, I'm detective Joshua Kent," I say, holding out my hand.
"Good morning detective," the man replies formally, shaking my hand, "I'm
Luke, the second-in-command, and now the highest ranking person on this space
station."
"Would that mean that your Captain was...?" I ask.
"Captain Seth was murdered last night, yes," Luke says. "I made the call as
soon as I discovered the body."
"Very good." This man knows procedure it seems. This will make my life a
little easier. "I was told this is a research space station?"
"That's right." Luke nods. "We're all scientists here in this tiny machine.
Our mission statement is 'to record the effects of lower life-forms under a
system collapse'. We all live here and do our research as a quiet, secluded
team. That's why I was surprised that one of my own would do such a thing."
"Thanks for the information. Where are the suspects?"
"Lined up in the entrace lobby, just through here," Luke says, and begins to
walk towards a door. I stop him quickly.
"Luke?" He turns around. "You realise that you are a suspect as well?"
"Of course. But I believe in your profession, Joshua. I believe you'll find
the real killer, and so I've put aside my own emotions briefly in order to
assist you. The sooner you discover the truth, the sooner we can clean up
this mess. Do you disagree?"
I shake my head, and we continue through to the entrance lobby.

(press any key to continue)

The entrace lobby is a small, bare room that seems to branch off to the rest
of the space station. True to Luke's word, there were some people lined up,
waiting for us with varying levels of tidiness. Luke brings me over to them
and begins to introduce them.
"This is Calvin, our chief computing expert," Luke says.
"Pleased to meet you, Calvin." I hold out my hand again, watching him
closely. He's smartly dressed and looks at me through his glasses with keen
eyes. He shakes my hand.
"Pleased to meet you too," Calvin says. "I trust you'll do your profession
proud and clear this up quickly?"
"I'll do my best," I say, moving on to the next person.
The next person is a slightly larger, slightly shorter and slightly sloppier
man. He holds out his hand ready for me.
"William, sir," he says.
"Pleased to meet you, William."
He seems a little nervous, so I don't press in. The third and final person in
the line is younger than the others, but just as smart as Calvin.
"Tim is fresh out of university, he's quite the scientist already," Luke
says.
"You're a detective, right?" Tim asks, losing the formality I'd assumed from
his dress sense.
"I am," I say, shaking his hand.
"I've always wanted to meet a detective," he says, smiling  broadly. "I just
want to let you know that if you need anything at all in your quest, I'm here
to help."
"Thank you, Tim," I say, turning away. Great, a wannabe. He's going to get
annoying.

(press any key to continue)

I turn to Luke. "Is that everyone?"
"Yes," he says.
I'm surprised. Only four of them? Five before the Captain died I guess.
Still, one of these is the killer? I guess so. I take a step back away from
the line and draw myself up as I talk to them.
"I assume you all know basic detective law, but for the benefit of those who
don't, I'll explain it now. The simplest way of thinking about it is that I
am the law. When I find the killer it is my word, although reviewed by three
peers first, that will decide their fate. My word is the law, and I am free
to add anything I wish to your permanent records. If my judgement of the
killer is approved, so will my judgement in all other matters regarding you
and your space station. I say this not to scare you but to help both you and
I. You can be assured that the greatest power in this empire is working on
your crisis, and if you help me then I can be assured that this will be over
quickly. Thank you for your time."
The line seems to dismiss itself, with each of them walking off in different
directions. Tim gives me another look before he leaves. Luke walks up to me.
"I'm sorry to leave you so soon, but I'd quite like to take a break after
last night's events. I'll be in the lounge if you need me," he says. "Calvin
will probably be working still at the workstations. William said he'd be in
his room but he said he won't mind you coming in to talk to him. Tim will be
hanging around, probably in one of the corridors. He's been eager to meet
you. If you want to check something with the computer, feel free. We don't
have a network of terminals, it's just the one machine to look after the
ship. It's in it's own room at the far north of the space station."

(press any key to continue)

With that, he walks off. I'm left alone in the entrance lobby. I've got an
interesting bunch of people to work with. One of them did it, I just need to
work out who. This is how it always starts. The detective service sacrafices
detailed introduction over speed. We'd rather find out what happened
ourselves than have pre-prepared lengthy speeches by unreliable sources,
either before or after arriving on the scene. It seems Luke knows this.
Still, as I stand in this tin can in the middle of the ocean of space, it can
be quite disorientating. But I'm trained to cope with things like this.
Detectives are the best of the best. We are the police, the secret service
and the law. I may feel tired and dropped in the deep end now, but once I get
started I'll start enjoying it. I have a job to do, and I'm going to do it
well.

I put my notepad back in my pocket. I think I should start by asking Luke
about the cause of death, and then find out some more about him. Maybe I
could ask people who they suspect, and should find out what they think of
each other. I seem to be short on information at the moment.

Entrance Lobby
I'm standing in the entrance lobby. It's metallic and fairly bare. I guess on
a lonely research space station the entrance lobby is used for little more
than a corridor. I can't imagine they get guests often. A few signs let me
know where I can go. From the look of things, west would take me to the
lounge, where Tim is, east would take me to the workstations, where Calvin
is, and north would take me to the rest of the space station.

>I move north.
Corridor
This corridor doesn't look much more impressive than the entrance lobby. In
fact the only thing of any interest is Tim, standing against one of the
walls. He's looking at me expectantly, though I'm not sure I really want to
talk to him.
According to the signposts, west takes me into the Captain's room, which I've
been given permission to look around. East takes me to William's room, where
he'll be, and due north is the computer room. South takes me back to the
entrance lobby.

>I move west.
Captain's room
If it wasn't for the trauma surrounding this room, and the smell of corpse
inhabiting it, I'd have first noticed how the Captain's room is so luxurious.
But then these are top class scientists. There's a large bed, a fur rug, a
bookcase full of books, a TV, a computer and a large wardrobe. It's a nicer
room than my own. Obviously the most important thing in the room is Seth's
body, which is sprawled over the bed. I feel sorry for him.
East takes me back out to the corridor.

>He's sprawled over the bed with his mouth hanging open. A quick scan of his
body indicates no marks of any kind. No bullet-holes, stab wounds or signs of
any sort of physical attack. It appears he simply fell down and died.

>Seth's bookcase contains everything, from poetry to science textbooks.
Seth's Diary is on the Bookcase.

>I take Seth's Diary from the Bookcase.

>I read through the diary entry. This is the passage that strikes me the most:
"I was talking to V today. I'm beginngin to agree with Luke's suspicions,
although I don't think I'll talk to him about it yet. I think V was lying to
me. I don't know how or why, but I'm sure she was."

>I move east.
Corridor
This corridor doesn't look much more impressive than the entrance lobby. In
fact the only thing of any interest is Tim, standing against one of the
walls. He's looking at me expectantly, though I'm not sure I really want to
talk to him.
According to the signposts, west takes me into the Captain's room, which I've
been given permission to look around. East takes me to William's room, where
he'll be, and due north is the computer room. South takes me back to the
entrance lobby.

>I move south.
Entrance Lobby
I'm standing in the entrance lobby. It's metallic and fairly bare. I guess on
a lonely research space station the entrance lobby is used for little more
than a corridor. I can't imagine they get guests often. A few signs let me
know where I can go. From the look of things, west would take me to the
lounge, where Tim is, east would take me to the workstations, where Calvin
is, and north would take me to the rest of the space station.

>I move east.
Workstations
The workstations are five computers in a small room. It's safe to assume
they're all networked together, and are used for the crew's work. This seems
to be a separate area to the main computer room at the north end of the space
station. Calvin is deep in his work, though I'm sure we both know I'll have
to disturb him soon.
To the west is the entrance lobby I came from.

>"I asked the computer about the corrupt data but it said it needed creativity
to be turned on first," I tell Calvin. He looks up from his work, again.
"Somebody turned creativity off?" he says, clearly confused. "I wonder why.
In any case, just ask her about creativity to turn it on."

Maybe I should find out something about this space station? I might find out
how they got here in the first place.

>I move west.
Entrance Lobby
I'm standing in the entrance lobby. It's metallic and fairly bare. I guess on
a lonely research space station the entrance lobby is used for little more
than a corridor. I can't imagine they get guests often. A few signs let me
know where I can go. From the look of things, west would take me to the
lounge, where Tim is, east would take me to the workstations, where Calvin
is, and north would take me to the rest of the space station.

>I move west.
Lounge
This seems to be the lounge. I guess even scientists need to relax away from
the computers sometime. What really surprises me is the amount of
entertainment in the room. It must have cost a fortune! There's several
sofas, a huge TV, massive speakers, a pool table, a bar and a few more things
buried at the back. Luke is sitting on one of the sofas, obviously deep in
thought.
To the east is the entrace lobby.

>"I was using the computer earlier and it said it needed creativity turning
on," I say to Luke.
Luke sighs. "I guess you found about that then," he says.
I draw myself up, slightly frustrated that Luke hid facts from me.
"What is it and why did you hide it from me?" I ask bluntly.
"It's an engine that allows the computer to communicate in a more realistic
fashion," he explains.
"How?"
"It's simpler if you try it for yourself," Luke says. "The password is
'Grant'."
"Grant?" I ask.
"Seth's mother's maiden name."
"Ok, thanks," I say. "But why did you hide it from me?"
"The computer said I should," Luke says. "She pointed out that the creativity
technology is far more advanced than anything else in the galaxy. It wouldn't
help if it became public knowledge as part of a murder investigation."
"I assure you, the creativity engine will not become public information
unless it becomes crucial to the case," I tell him. "Although the detectives
will know about it."
"I guess that's the way it'll have to be," Luke says, and goes back to
staring past me. Poor guy.

>I move east.
Entrance Lobby
I'm standing in the entrance lobby. It's metallic and fairly bare. I guess on
a lonely research space station the entrance lobby is used for little more
than a corridor. I can't imagine they get guests often. A few signs let me
know where I can go. From the look of things, west would take me to the
lounge, where Tim is, east would take me to the workstations, where Calvin
is, and north would take me to the rest of the space station.

>I move north.
Corridor
This corridor doesn't look much more impressive than the entrance lobby. In
fact the only thing of any interest is Tim, standing against one of the
walls. He's looking at me expectantly, though I'm not sure I really want to
talk to him.
According to the signposts, west takes me into the Captain's room, which I've
been given permission to look around. East takes me to William's room, where
he'll be, and due north is the computer room. South takes me back to the
entrance lobby.

>I move north.
Computer room
The computer room is something to behold. There are only two things in the
room. A stool, and the computer. the computer is an enormous metallic
machine, that curves in a horse-shoe shape round the walls, leaving a gap for
the entrance and placing the stool inside the horse-shoe. In front of the
stool is a small screen. It is on, and the letters on the screen read:
"Ready for use. Please speak your enquiry out loud."
From this I assume that I can ask the computer questions just as I'd ask a
real person. It's very similar, but not the same as the computers I use at
work. It's a really advanced piece of technology.
To the south is the corridor I came from.

>"I want to enter the creativity password," I say to the computer.
Text appears on the screen:
"Speak it now."

>The screen pauses, and then suddenly teat appears on the screen:
C.R.E.A.T.I.V.I.T.Y
engine loading...
And then suddenly the screen is blank again. I wait, and then words appear on
the screen again:
"Hello Joshua. My name is V. I'm here to help you in any way I can. You've
turned on my creativity circuits now. They simply allow me to communicate to
you in a way that feels more human. I exhibit characteristics that give the
impression of opinions and thought."
I pause for a minute.
"Hello V," I say.
"Hello. I believe you had a question for me?"
I think I can interact with V just like I used to, by asking her questions.
But I think she might be a little more helpful now. As well as asking her
about her opinion on the corrupt data, I should try asking her things again
to see what she'll tell me now.
Computer room
The computer room is something to behold. There are only two things in the
room. A stool, and V. V is an enormous metallic machine, that curves in a
horse-shoe shape round the walls, leaving a gap for the entrance and placing
the stool inside the horse-shoe. In front of the stool is a small screen. It
is on, and the letters on the screen read:
"I'm here to help, just talk to me when you want something, Joshua."
To the south is the corridor I came from.

>I move south.
Corridor
This corridor doesn't look much more impressive than the entrance lobby. In
fact the only thing of any interest is Tim, standing against one of the
walls. He's looking at me expectantly, though I'm not sure I really want to
talk to him.
According to the signposts, west takes me into the Captain's room, which I've
been given permission to look around. East takes me to William's room, where
he'll be, and due north is the computer room. South takes me back to the
entrance lobby.

>I move east.
William's room
William's room is surprisingly luxurious, but then these are top class
scientists. There's a large bed, a fur rug, a bookcase full of books, a TV, a
computer, a huge curtain against the north wall and a large wardrobe. It's a
nicer room than my own. William is sitting on his bed, reading a book. Every
now and then he looks up, presumably to see if I'm still there.
To the west is the corridor I came from.

Maybe I should ask some of the crew members about each other? It's the best
way to find out how the relationships worked.

>"What's behind that curtain of yours?" I ask William. His eyes open wide.
"Nothing," he says. He's clearly lying. I take a step towards the curtain and
suddenly he's sitting up-right and staring right at me. I make a mental note
that Tim said something useful after all.
"Why do you want to see behind there?" he asks.
"Because," I say in my best commanding-detective voice, "I have reason to
believe that you are hiding something. You are so worried of what's going to
happen to you, but I can assure you, I will keep you safe. It is my job to
bring justice, and not to let chaos rule. Trust me."
There's a long pause, and I can see the cogs in William's head ticking. I
give him his time. He needs to decide he can trust me on his own. Eventually
William opens his mouth.
"Ok, I'll trust you," he says. "If you promise I'll be safe through and after
all of this."
"I promise," I say with a smile. William takes a deep breath and then starts
to talk.
"I've been a high-class scientist all my life," he says, "but I seem to have
had the worst luck. I keep taking jobs that collapse around me. My boss gets
broke, or the company goes under, or we're sabotaged or betrayed. You name
it, it's happened to me. I've lost so much money, and have had to restart my
career so many times. But it's not an issue of pride and money anymore. I
have a family I need to support. I took this job because the pay was so high.
I didn't like the sound of it one bit from a security point-of-view, but I
figured if I could earn enough money quickly, I could repay some of my debts
and quit before anything went wrong. It seems I was too slow."
I feel kinda bad for the guy. I hope my face shows it.

(press any key to continue)

"So I'm afraid you're right," William continues. "I worry. I'm paranoid. In
fact, you'll be surprised at how paranoid I've been. Watch."
William grabs the curtain and pulls. As it falls to the floor, I see a hole
in the wall the size of a wardrobe, full of notebooks.
"In these notebooks," William informs me, "is a record of what everyone has
done on every day since we moved here almost three months ago. I reasoned
that if I knew what everyone was doing, I could avoid something going wrong."
"You kept tabs on all four of them?" I ask.
"That's right," William says. "Luke, Tim, Calvin and even Seth."
"What did you find out?" I ask, eagerly.
"Nothing," he says with a sigh. "But despite the evidence telling me I was
safe, I still felt so scared. But I was right, wasn't I? Something did
happen. I'm afraid that's why I've been so useless when talking to you so
far. I've been too afraid of something happening to me."
"I guarantee you can trust me to keep you safe," I repeat. "Now tell me what
you know."
"First," William says with a triumphant smile, "you're going to want to see
this."
He holds out a notebook. The date says November 5th. The day of the murder. I
read through it quickly, and then look up at William, who nods.
"That's right," he says. "Nobody entered V's room on the day of the murder."
"But she said someone issued her orders to do with the doors and oxygen
supply."
"Well maybe you should ask her about that. Ask her about her visitors
yesterday. Unless you'd like to ask me some more questions first, that is."

William's room
William's room is surprisingly luxurious, but then these are top class
scientists. There's a large bed, a fur rug, a bookcase full of books, a TV, a
computer, a huge curtain against the north wall and a large wardrobe. It's a
nicer room than my own. William is sitting on his bed, reading a book. Every
now and then he looks up, presumably to see if I'm still there.
To the west is the corridor I came from.

>I move west.
Corridor
This corridor doesn't look much more impressive than the entrance lobby. In
fact the only thing of any interest is Tim, standing against one of the
walls. He's looking at me expectantly, though I'm not sure I really want to
talk to him.
According to the signposts, west takes me into the Captain's room, which I've
been given permission to look around. East takes me to William's room, where
he'll be, and due north is the computer room. South takes me back to the
entrance lobby.

>I move north.
Computer room
The computer room is something to behold. There are only two things in the
room. A stool, and V. V is an enormous metallic machine, that curves in a
horse-shoe shape round the walls, leaving a gap for the entrance and placing
the stool inside the horse-shoe. In front of the stool is a small screen. It
is on, and the letters on the screen read:
"I'm here to help, just talk to me when you want something, Joshua."
To the south is the corridor I came from.

>I'm done here. I think I know who killed Seth.
That person's name was:

(please enter the name of the character you think killed the Captain)

>I know how this character killed Seth. They locked him in his room and turned
off the oxygen. What I need to work out is why they killed him. What was
their motive? I think the reason they killed Seth was:

(please enter one word that sums up why the killer murdered the Captain)

>As I write the final details in my notepad, I run round the space station
getting everybody together. At last everybody, all six of us are in V's room
together. There's barely time for a pause before I speak:
"V, I arrest you for the murder of Captain Seth!"
The four other humans in the room mumble to each other. I explain to them the
conversation I had with V just a minute ago.
"So why did V make those mistakes?" Luke asks.
"It was her mission," I say.
Suddenly, V speaks with an audible female voice, albeit a slightly
computerised one. Everyone in the room, including me, is slightly shocked.
"My mission," she says, "was to record the effects of lower life-forms under
a system collapse. What better way to cause a system collapse on you tiny
humans than to eliminate your leader."
"Isn't it a bad move," Tim pipes up, "to be in the same room, or even the
same space station, as an all-powerful computer bent on causing a system
collapse on us all?"
"No, she won't hurt us," I say calmly.
"You're clever," V says. "For a human."
I ignore V and continue: "V's mission was the same as yours. Research. She
was given the goal of causing the chaos and recording the outcome. She
doesn't want to kill us all, because that's not part of the test. It doesn't
matter if she's caught or not either."
"I have all the test data I need," V said, in a happier voice. "Unplug me,
destroy me, I don't care. I fulfilled my mission. I did my job. Enterprise
Research will be pleased."

(press any key to continue)

V was indeed unplugged. The crew lacked the trust in V that I had, and
dismantled her as soon we could land the space station on a planet. I
understood V though. She was unlike any criminal I'd had to find before, and
probably unlike any I'll find again. I don't approve of what she did, but I
feel a certain respect for her sense of duty. And can I really call her
actions evil if she was just a machine?
When I eventually retired from the crew to my own space ship, I folded away
my electronic notepad and realised that I had again been taking notes the
whole time on auto-pilot. It's almost a relief. The whole case will be
documented to back-up my arguments when I return to my work. Once I've
convinced them that I'm right, I can forget the whole case. I can go on doing
my job. Once again I succeeded in catching the killer. Tomorrow I'll have a
new case. I am the law, and the law must keep working to protect the
innocent. But innocent people were hurt, despite my work. My heart goes out
to the crew members affected by this tragedy. I, like them, will keep an eye
out for Enterprise Research.
Congratulations!
