Loading game...

Lost Souls
I was lying on the bloody dirt when I saw the house across the trenches. It
was untouched, despite the bullets and schrapnel flying next to it. I began
to crawl across the ground, nothing but the sounds of screams and explosions
entered my ears. My hands finally reached the porch of the house, the feel of
the wood was almost pleasurable after the endless field of rock and blood.

I pulled myself into the home, onto the cold stone floor of the kitchen. A
figure sat on a chair in the corner of the room, looking down at the floor.
It was Stevens, a soldier from my platoon. I stood up, brushing the bloody
dirt of my uniform. Stevens didn't look up, his barren face still pointed
down.

"It's good to see someone survived the rush. I was hoping I'd have to go back
home alone," I spoke to him, trying to sound happy.

He remained silent. Something was wrong...

> n
I move north.

Thin Hallway
I stepped into the thin hallway. Dark green wallpaper covered the walls, but
most of it was ripped off, revealing the cement on the other side. There's a
doorway to the East, and a steep set of stairs lead up to the next floor.

> e
I move east.

Bathroom
I gagged in disgust as I stepped into the bathroom. Blood covered the walls
like paint, and the smell was worse than anything I had ever smelled, even
worse than the stench of death that hung over the battlefield. The source of
the blood seemed to have been from a freshly mutilated body which sat on the
toilet. I tried the sink to maybe wash some of the blood away, but the sink
just made a grinding noise and nothing came out.

> take note
I shuddered in disgust as I pulled the note away from the bloody body.

> read note

If you are reading this, then you will be dead soon. Please pray to god.

> take plug
I winced as I pulled the plug out of the bloody sink.

> w
I move west.

Thin Hallway
I stepped into the thin hallway. Dark green wallpaper covered the walls, but
most of it was ripped off, revealing the cement on the other side. There's a
doorway to the East, and a steep set of stairs lead up to the next floor.

> u
I move up.

Bedroom
I got a chill as I climbed up the last stair into the creepy bedroom. It
seemed too dark in here, especially since there was a window that let
sunlight into the room. A gothic looking bed sat in the middle of the room,
with long arches stretching out of the posts and gargoyles perched at the top
of them. A desk sat in the corner, dust covered it like clothing.

> open desk
I opened the desk and pulled out a notebook from inside.

> read notebook
There's only paragraph written in the whole notebook:

What is it? I don't know. It could be a person, an animal, a thing, or
nothing it all. It could be in my mind. I have no idea where it came from,
but it's there, below me. I've found a place to hide, high above where it is,
but I can still hear it. Hopefully my hiding spot is good enough.

> use plug on hole
I reached up and stuck the rubber plug into the hole. A perfect fit. I pulled
the panel down, revealing a secret room up above me.

> u
I move up.

Attic
The attic was quiet, like the rest of the house. The sight of a body lying on
the floor caught my attention right away. There was no blood around, but the
body seemed thin, it looked like they staved to death. A rifle leaned against
a trunk near the body, it didn't look like it had been used for years. A
window in the center of the back wall looked out into the vast wasteland
outside, where even more death lay.

> search body
The less I touch that body, the better.

> take sticker
As I reached down to pull off one of the stickers, I noticed a key had been
hidden underneath one. Realizing that a key is more important than a sticker,
I pocketed it.

> take rifle
I've seen enough death on the battlefield. No one else has to die.

> unlock trunk
I jammed the key into the lock and popped open the trunk. Looking inside, I
found nothing but crumbs from old food and scraps of papers. One caught my
attention though, as it had some blood on it. I pulled it out and slammed the
trunk shut.

> read scrap of paper

Marcus is dead. I have no idea what happened to him. I went downstairs to
stock up on some food to keep hiding, and he was dead in the bathroom,
something had completely mutilated him. I don't know if it was an enemy
soldier or if it was...the thing in the basement. Either way, I'm not going
downstairs anymore. Dying is no longer a problem for me...I just don't want
to die because of that thing...

As I put the scrap of paper back in my satchel, I heard a gunshot erupt from
somewhere downstairs.

> d
I move down.

Bedroom
I got a chill as I climbed up the last stair into the creepy bedroom. It
seemed too dark in here, especially since there was a window that let
sunlight into the room. A gothic looking bed sat in the middle of the room,
with long arches stretching out of the posts and gargoyles perched at the top
of them. A desk sat in the corner, dust covered it like clothing.

> d
I move down.

Thin Hallway
I stepped into the thin hallway. Dark green wallpaper covered the walls, but
most of it was ripped off, revealing the cement on the other side. There's a
doorway to the East, and a steep set of stairs lead up to the next floor.

> s
I move south.

Kitchen
The small kitchen was completely empty, with piles of rubble spread across
the floor.  In the darkened corner of the room, the body of Officer Stevens
lay hunched over the chair. A handgun sat on the floor beneath the chair, the
same kind of gun that was missing from Stevens' holster. I could see a thin
doorway to the North, and a small hatch in the floor caught my attention.

> d
I pulled open the hatch, revealing a ladder leading into the darkness
below...

Trembling in fear, I started my descent...

I stood in front of the door which led into the basement. Everything was
silent, yet I could still feel something in the air, almost like echoes from
a time before. The ladder back to the kitchen stood behind me, giving me a
chance for retreat.

My hands trembled...I had to open the door...

> open door

I opened the door and stepped inside the darkness...

I glanced up as they entered the doorway, stepping onto the cold kitchen
floor where the body of Stevens lay in the corner.

"Jesus. What the hell happened here?" one of the soldiers muttered, poking
the body of Stevens with his rifle.

I stared down at the floor, down at the hatch on the ground, down below where
it lay...

"Roberts, check the basement. There could be more bodies down there," a voice
shouted from somewhere else in the house.

I watched as Roberts bent down to open the hatch. He tried pulling it up, but
something was holding it down. He noticed my foot holding it shut. He looked
up at me, sweat dripping down his forehead.

I sat still. "You don't want to go down there."

You scored 0 out of the maximum 0!
That is 100% of the game!
Well done - you scored maximum points!
