Loading game...

Mammoth Vacuum Button of Death

Lovely Meadow
I am sitting on a red and black checkered blanket in the middle of a
beautiful meadow. A giant (i.e. the size of your ugly gut) cake waits infront
of me. For no explainable reason whatsoever, a note has been left on the
cake. It reads 'THERE WILL BE CAKE, SO YOU SHOULD EAT IT. From Father'.
Blatant Portal (TM) reference aside, I reckon 'Father' is onto something. Any
excuse to eat cake right?

> eat cake
You eat half of the delicious cake, revealing a small key in the other half.

> grab key
BOOM! I'm dead! Just kidding. I took the key (just like that sly jock from
highschool called 'TOM' took your sisters virginity). Wait...WHAT'S
HAPPENING!?!? Oh...I'm just waking up...

Solitary Cell
I'm in my cell. The same cell I've been in for 8 years. My semen-soaked
sheets lay strewn over the cold concrete floor. Years of food trays are
stacked in the corner. To the north I can see the bane of my existence. THE
DOOR. Metal. Cold. Featureless (apart from the tiny keyhole). Void of
personality (much like your wife). Ugly (refer to previous). My main
road-block to freedom.

> unlock cell
Unlocked! The dim, grey glimmer of light from the hallway sails into your
cramped asylum cell.

> n
I move north.

Utterly Pointless Hallway
Seriously? Why do they even put these hallways in games? It's simply a bore
to trudge through lengths of non-descript hall. I don't see why the game
creator didn't just make the cell connect straight to the guard station,
which, if you're wondering is north of here. No, there's no other way to go,
because I've only got two hours to make this damn game, and can't start
throwing in rooms willy-nilly with no regard whatsoever to my semi
self-imposed time restraints. So make your damn choice. You can either go
south, and wallow in self-pity in your pathetic little cell, or GO NORTH TO
ENTER THE GUARD STATION.

> n
I move north.

Guard Station
A guard sits infront of a row of buttons, of which one is clearly labelled in
bigger-than-your-penis letters saying 'UNLOCK'. A metal door sits to the
west, with a sign saying 'EXIT' above it. I can tell it's locked. The
important doors/exits are always locked in games like this. Looks like I'll
need to solve some kind of nonsensical puzzle to open it, unless I kill
myself out of frustration at the incredibly impossible-without-a-walkthrough
difficulty first. I guess I could always start by talking to the guard?

> strip
Turns out all those long night shifts has turned this guard's sexuality
sideways. He's passing out in his excitement, right infront of my rockin'
naked body. I don't even want to guess what he's dreaming about.

Guard Station
The guard is lying unconscious at my feet, leaving the 'UNLOCK' button free
for the pushing! With the guard out of the way, you also spot a small blue
button, which upon further inspection is labelled 'Mammoth Vacuum'.
Hmm.....sounds dangerous....

> strip guard
I remove the guards clothes (doing a better job than your sister, despite all
her experience), and put them on myself.

> press unlock button
The security door leading west is now unlocked. And all it took was losing
all dignity and credibility in the eyes of your peers.

> w
I move west.

Utterly Pointless Hallway #2
Are you kidding me? No seriously? ARE YOU KIDDING ME? Was there too much
concrete when they were building this place? Did they have to use up the
extra materials because some lazy bugger couldn't be bothered dumping it, or
taking it to his next building site? OR WAS IT THE GAME CREATOR AGAIN!? Is he
trying to stall me, so I take the extra time to read this, thus making the
game SEEM longer and have 'more depth'? Or is he merely adding these
pointless rooms to give himself the opportunity for a good ol' game-industry
social commentary, which questions the use of boring, actionless, storyless,
and ultimately POINTLESS sections of gameplay to pad out the length of a
designer's pathetically short game?

                    Hmm, na, can't be that. Regardless, the exit to the foyer
is to the south.

> s
I move south.

Foyer
A typical foyer. You know the kind. The type that you waited in while Aunt
Maggie had one of her kidneys removed, or while Grandpa Joe acquired a new
set of false teeth. There's an ENTIRELY HETEROSEXUAL guard sitting behind the
desk, keeping an eye on the exit to the west (a.k.a your freedom).

> w
I move west.

Freedom
I'm free. After many testing trials, I'm finally free. But who is this
mysterious 'Father' who delivered the key to my cell in my dream? There's
something strange about this. I must investigate. I will find you 'Father',
or my name ain't Luke Skywalker.
