Loading game...

Marika the Offering

Marika the Offering

An ADRIFT text adventure by revgiblet (revgiblet@gmail.com).  This is v1.1
(2007)

Type story at any time for the backstory.

Type thanks for a list of credits.

(Press a key to begin)

The Room in the Tower

I am standing in a room that has been meticulously constructed from cold,
grey stones in a very simple manner.  My eyes are hypnotically drawn to the
main feature in the west wall, a large double window that swings open in the
evening breeze.  A wide single bed sits in the centre of the room.  I know
from experience that the bed is incredibly comfortable and it is currently
taking all of my willpower to resist the temptation to lie down and drift
into oblivion.  The bed is made up with a soft looking pillow and has a
blanket wrapped round it.

It appears to me that this room once served a less sinister purpose, for
there is a fireplace built into the north wall.  The fireplace is as empty as
my heart.  A thick wooden shelf is fixed to the wall above, on which rests a
burning candle that gives the room an eerie glow.  The low stone ceiling
separates me from the heavens and God above.  In the south wall is a thick
metal door; the only way out of the tower alive.

A full-length portrait mirror is afixed to the east wall, opposite the
window.  It reflects the horizon scene, creating the illusion that the room
is larger than it is.  A rickety wooden chair has been placed beside the
mirror.  The air is musty and offends my nostrils.  My remaining life can be
measured in heartbeats.  I must act!

> x hair

Driven by some unknown prompting I begin to run my hand through my hair.  As
my finger touches something sharp I withdraw it hastily.  A second, more
cautious check reveals a hairpin that shouldn't be there.  Unbidden, the
memory comes to me of my final meeting with my mother.  As we parted she
touched my hair.  At the time I thought it nothing more than a tender gesture
but it seems that she had ulterior motives.  Thanking God for her ingenuity I
place the hairpin carefully on the shelf above the fireplace and ponder on a
use for it.

> close window

It seems like the most obvious thing to do.  I walk over to the window, reach
out and shut it.

> lock window

I reach out and take the hairpin from the shelf.  The hairpin is too small to
use on the door so I make my way across the room to the window and, having
pulled the window so it is as shut as I can make it, I begin to work on the
lock.

My hand is shaking through exhaustion and I do not rightly know what I am
doing but God is with me.  After a few moments of fumbling and twisting there
is a tiny click.  I remove the hairpin from the tiny keyhole to see that my
labour has bent and warped it.  I then hesitantly push the window.  It
remains firm.  Again I try, this time with as much force as I can muster in
my weakened state.  The window does not move.  I have successfully secured it
against The Count.  Hopefully the thick glass will be sufficient to thwart
his entry.

I respectfully place the hairpin back on the shelf and ponder my next move.

> x bed

Wary, for it is almost as if the bed whispers a siren song as I look at it, I
begin to examine the cot.  The blanket is tucked in tightly but yields to a
sharp tug from me.  I find nothing unusual under it.  The mattress is thick
and tightly packed with soft and springy innards.  It would be easy to sink
into it and forget all of my troubles.  As I lift the pillow a small piece of
paper wafts out from underneath it and floats gently to the ground.  I
replace the pillow and turn my attention back to the room.

> read note

I reach down and take the piece of paper in my hands.  I force my gaze to
focus on the neat handwriting that has been marked on the paper.  The message
reads...

Marika.  I am unable to say goodbye to you as I would wish to.  I want you to
gaze into your own beautiful eyes and breathe yourself a goodbye from me.

The paper drops from my limp grasp and settles again on the hard floor.  This
message was clearly meant for me to find, but who left it?  And why?  My head
aches but I have the feeling that within the message is a hidden meaning that
I must endeavour to find.

> breathe on mirror

Driven by a sudden flash of inspiration I move over to the mirror and, as the
message on the paper predicted, find myself gazing into my own eyes.

Prompted by the rest of the message I breathe in deeply and exhale over the
mirror.  I repeat the gesture.  As the mirror mists over I notice marks;
marks where the mirror is not fogging up.  My heart skips a beat as I
continue to breathe out over the rest of the mirror, revealing more and more
of what seems to be a hidden message.

By the time that I have finished I am feeling light-headed and unsteady on my
feet, but I appear to have uncovered a message.

LOOK UNDER MATTRESS

I commit it to memory as the mirror slowly clears.

> look under mattress

I prod the mattress.  It is thick and packed tightly with something soft but
dense.  This makes it deceptively heavy.  I manage, with some difficulty, to
get my hands into a position to facilitate the lifting of the mattress and
begin to strain.

The exertion shortly begins to make me feel light-headed and under normal
circumstances I would cease this activity.  These, however, are not normal
circumstances.  The words on the mirror drive me to this action, and I will
not let it be in vain.

Driven by a desire to solve the mystery of the message I call on reserves of
hidden strength and manage to lift the mattress enough to see, tucked out of
sight between it and the frame, a thin metal rod.  With reflexes born of
desperation I reach down and roll the rod onto the floor as the mattress
drops back onto the bedframe with a thud.  Panting heavily I lean against the
wall to regain some strength before considering the role that the metal rod
will play in my survival.

> x floor

The tightly-packed, perfectly square flagstones are cold and hard under my
bare feet.  I kneel and run my fingers across the stones, searching for
something unusual.  My breath catches in my throat as my fingers stumble
carelessly across a flagstone that seems to be slightly raised in comparison
to its neighbours.  I check again.  This flagstone is the twin of the others
except for the fact that it is definitely loose.  However, it's too heavy and
my fingers are too thick to prise it up.  There must be something in here
that can help me!

> lift flagstone with rod

I decide to try and move the loose flagstone and it occurs to me that the
iron rod might be perfectly suited to this task.  I grip it tightly and
slowly work the flat end into the thin gap between the flagstones.

When I believe that I have inserted the rod as far as I can I take a deep
breath and begin to apply pressure.  Lifting the stone is much easier than I
thought it would be and within a few seconds I have managed to tip it enough
to prise it out of the floor.

I cast the rod aside and begin to wonder what, if anything, might be
contained within the dark cavity that I have uncovered...

> x hole

I lie beside the hole in the floor and, with due prudence, put my hand into
the darkness.

I have to rely purely on my sense of touch to discern if there is anything of
interest in the hole.  For a few seconds all I am able to feel is the cold,
wet density of damp stone and a soft breeze, but after a moment of
maneouvering I brush against something rough and soft.  Nervously I grab the
object and begin to pull it towards me.

As I do so I hear a tinkling noise.  I pause as the sound moves away from me,
but it is too late.  I listen as something metallic slithers away, sounding
like it's falling through a fissure below me.  There is a further moment of
silence before something clatters to the ground on the level below me.  My
imagination ponders the events that these sounds proclaim but I am not quite
sure what to make of them.  After this second of contemplation I continue my
action and pull the object that I have grasped into the light.

I climb onto my knees with my prize, which appears to be a grubby old rag.
As I unfold it a roll of parchment falls to the floor in front of me; the
sole inhabitant of the cloth.  I toss the rag to one aside, as it appears to
have had no other purpose than to serve as a container for the parchment.  I
wipe my hand across my tired eyes and consider my next decision.

> read letter

I pick up the parchment from the floor and begin to read...

My Dearest Marika,

Forgive me for the complicated path that you must have walked to obtain this
letter.  I had no other choice and knew that your resourcefulness would be
equal to the task.  The elders of the village know well your mother's views
on the subject of The Count and feared that she might attempt to intervene in
events.  As a result they declared it a capital offence for anyone to try and
aid you in your plight.  I desired greatly to help you but was afraid that
Bogdan would hold me to account and that I would be forced to pay the
ultimate price for aiding you.  Bogdan is a good man, but he fears the elders
and he fears The Count even more.  I left a message for you on the mirror and
a clue under your pillow.  I had to phrase the clue as though it were a
simple farewell message that wouldn't incriminate me - just in case it were
seen by someone other than you.  Again, forgive me but I knew that you would
be able to solve the puzzle.  You are a remarkable girl.  I will try and
speak with you before I must leave and hope that Bogdan allows it.

I pray that your mother is right; that The Count can be beaten but I do not
know how.  I have heard many amazing things about him.  I have heard that he
has the ability to turn into a bat as well as the capability to scale
vertical surfaces.

I am sorry that I did not have the chance to say farewell properly.  To this
end I wrote this letter and wrapped it in a rag with my silver crucifix.  As
you know, I hid the package under the loose flagstone and I hope that the
crucifix will be of some comfort, if nothing else.  I will be praying for
you.  Do not let my fear dampen your remarkable spirit.

Enric.

My head swims with the information.  Enric!  Of course!  Only a guard would
have the freedom to leave items for me in the tower.  The message on the
mirror was his doing, leading me to find the metal rod so that I could
discover this letter under the flagstone.  But Enric didn't only intend for
me to find a letter.  He made reference to his silver crucifix.  It would be
a helpful weapon in a fight against a vampyre, but it was not present with
the parchment.  I recall my actions as I discovered the letter and my
imagination replays the sounds that I heard as I pulled the rag free from its
prison.  The metallic tinkling sound.  The sound of something slithering away
from me.  My heart sinks as I piece everything together.  Enric's silver
crucifix must have fallen free of the rag as I moved it and dropped down a
fissure in the stones to the stairwell below this room.  It will do me little
good down there.  My one chance to turn the tables and I have lost it before
I even knew what it was that I was losing!  I scream in frustration and throw
the letter to the ground.  What hope do I have now?

> break chair

I decide that the chair would be more of use to me if it were broken down to
its component parts.  With this in mind I grab the iron rod and swing
violently at the wooden seat.

There is a splintering noise as the chair collapses under my assault.  In
three strikes it has been reduced to a pile of rough looking wood.  I throw
the rod to one side and survey my handiwork.

> put wood in fireplace

I pile up an armful of wood and carry it across the room to deposit it in the
fireplace.  I repeat the process two more times to complete the task.

The fireplace now contains a pile of wood ready to be burnt.  I look at the
candle and the pile of wood and my experience tells me that, as it stands,
the flame is not furious enough to catch the wood.  If I want to start a fire
I will need to find something that will burn well and provide a more
substantial conflagration.

> burn letter

It suddenly occurs to me that the parchment could be very useful, just not in
the way that was originally intended.  I scoop the parchment from the floor
and hold it over the candle on the shelf for a second.  It catches and
produces a reasonable flame.  I then bend down and cast the burning parchment
amongst the pyre that I have constructed in the fireplace.

I pray for it to produce flames amongst the wood and, after what feels like
an eternity, I am heartened to see that the wood is indeed burning.  I linger
for another anxious minute to ensure that the blaze will continue and before
long I am coughing on a plume of smoke.

I throw the candle onto the fire for the sake of it and rub my weeping eyes.
I am feeling warmer already, and my body is driven even closer to the
dangerous state of slumber.

> put blanket under door

A flash of inspiration strikes me and with a great sense of urgency I yank
the thick blanket from the bed and pull it over to the door.  The gap under
the door is nowhere big enought for a human to crawl under but until I have a
better understanding of what The Count is capable of I will err on the side
of caution.

The blanket is thick and heavy, and with some effort I manage to force it
under the door making a barrier of sorts.  As it stands nothing will be able
to come through the breach and I pray that The Count will lack the necessary
strength to remove it swiftly.

> put rag in keyhole

I remember a rumour that The Count possesses the ability to change his shape.
 The keyhole in the door is sizeable, possibly big enough to allow him entry
through it.

With this in mind I scoop up the rag that I retrieved from under the floor
and move purposely over to the door.  Using all my strength I cram the rag
into the keyhole until I am sure that it will no easy task to remove it.  I
can only pray that The Count will not be resourceful enough or strong enough
to excavate it.

> move flagstone back

Grabbing the corners of the stone and heaving mightily I manage to return it
to the hole in the floor.  It crashes back to its original place with a
satisfying crack.  For some reason performing this action settles an unease
that I had in my spirit.

> z

I wait for my death.

> z

I wait for my death.

> z

I wait for my death.

> z

I wait for my death.

> z

I wait for my death.

> z

I wait for my death.

> z

I wait for my death.

> z

I wait for my death.

I yawn.  I am finding it difficult to fight off sleep.

> z

I wait for my death.

> z

I wait for my death.

> z

I wait for my death.

> z

I wait for my death.

> z

I wait for my death.

> z

I wait for my death.

> z

I wait for my death.

> z

I wait for my death.

> z

I wait for my death.

> z

I wait for my death.

> z

I wait for my death.

> z

I wait for my death.

> z

I wait for my death.

> z

I wait for my death.

> z

I wait for my death.

My body aches with weariness.  I don't think that I can resist sleep for much
longer!

> z

I wait for my death.

> z

I wait for my death.

> z

I wait for my death.

> z

I wait for my death.

> z

I wait for my death.

> z

I wait for my death.

> z

I wait for my death.

> z

I wait for my death.

> z

I wait for my death.

> z

I wait for my death.

I am feeling dizzy and weak.  My body is giving in to the demand for rest.  I
have just enough time and strength to drag myself over to the bed and
collapse on it before the darkness overcomes me...

(Press a key)

My dreams are vivid and terrifying.  I picture myself slipping into a void,
surrounded by infinite darkness.  A hundred horrific images spin at me from
the emptiness surrounding me.

I see thin, cruel hands clawing at a window.  The hands become more and more
frantic until they become balled fists slamming themselves against the glass
in futility...then the image vanishes.

I hear a rustling sound, a squeaking noise and something that sounds like a
thousand terrible wings flapping mere metres away from me.  I smell damp fur
and then...I smell smoke and see a flash.  I hear a pained squeal which
mutates into a hideous cry...then the image vanishes.

I feel something moving under the stones.  Something pushing against the
floor in desperation.  I see the darkness pressing against the loose
flagstone in the floor, but it is repelled.  I hear the flapping of
wings...then the image vanishes.

The door rattles.  It shakes on its hinges but does not move.  In my dream
the rag and blanket shake and writhe like they're alive but remain in place.
The door shakes with increased vigour and a rhythmic pounding that chokes the
breath in my throat.  There is a haunting scream...then the image vanishes.

For what seems like many hours the visions of my dream repeat.  The door and
windows rattle over and over.  I hear the sound of some winged creature
exploring every nook of the room around me.  I can feel the presence of some
horrific evil merely a few feet away from me.  I watch myself toss and turn,
shaking, in my sleep but such is my exhaustion that I do not wake.

Then, from nowhere, a burst of light seems to creep into the room and my mind
is nearly driven insane by a sinister, prolonged, tortured wail from
somewhere.  Just as my heart feels like it is about to burst there is
silence.

Then all is still and peace descends upon me...

(Press a key)

My eyes open and drink in the sunlight but my ears are deafened by the sound
of hammering fists and yelling voices outside the door.  I lie paralysed by
fear, expecting The Count to burst through the doorway at any second...but
then I listen to the words.

"Marika!  Marika!  Are you all right?" screams a voice that I recognise.

I sit up and watch the door for a second.  Someone has tried to remove the
rag and the blanket and failed.  My sluggish brain slowly pieces together the
facts.  I am alive, it is morning and someone is trying to get into the room
but unable because I have secured it.  As this last piece of information
sinks in I jump off the bed with a gasp and rush over to the door.

With a sense of elation I pull the rag from the keyhole and bang on the door.

"It's me!  Marika!"

"Marika!" a voice I recognise almost screams, and then I hear the scraping of
a key being fumbled in the lock.  The door swings open.  Enric stands there,
tears streaming down his cheeks, with Bogdan behind him looking astonished.

Unable to contain my delight I throw myself into Enric's shocked arms and he
holds me tightly, neither of us speaking.  The silence is broken by Bogdan
grabbing my shoulder roughly.

"What have you done girl!  You've doomed us all!" he yells, his face
contorted with rage.  Enric breaks the embrace to shove Bogdan away.

"She has shown more courage than anyone else in this village!" Enric shouts,
fists clenched tightly.

"We'll need more than courage to disuade The Count from his terrible
revenge!" Bogdan shrieks back.

Ignoring the confrontation I rush past them both and down the stairs,
thrilling at the feel of wood under my feet.

(Press a key)

I push the door open and burst out into the daylight with Bogdan and Enric
hot on my heels.  I stumble around the base of the tower as though
intoxicated, searching desperately for something to confirm the suspicions of
my dream.  I find it on the opposite side of the tower, on the grassy ground
below the room's window.

Enric and Bogdan catch up shortly afterwards and stutter to a halt behind me,
staring at same sight as me.

"What...what is that?" Bogdan whispers.

We are looking at a corpse, a twisted mess of bones and thick fluid.
Decaying flesh hangs from the skeleton and two sharp teeth protrude obscenely
from the skull.  In my head I imagine a warped creature of the night striving
to enter the room, struggling and failing but so absorbed in the task that he
fails to see the sun rising over the horizon until it is too late...

"I think," I begin, a huge smile creeping across my face, "that it is
over..."

I feel Enric's gentle hand on my shoulder and hear Bogdan begin to weep
behind me.  I look up into the sky.  It seems to me the bluest and purest
horizon that I have seen for a long while.

I plan to enjoy every second of it.
Congratulations!
