Loading game...

The Marlin Affair: Prologue
You are June Starr, a talented up-and-coming young intergalactic spy who was
just sent on your first real mission. Which you flubbed horribly.

After successfully infiltering a starship factory owned by the spoiled, rich,
shallow...kind of handsome Marlin Grey, your job was to use the cover of your
new job to take careful notes of certain shipments coming and going and
report back to your superiors at the Station, the orbital spy school that
you've lived and trained at for years.

Then Marlin invited you to his office for a drink. You had strict orders to
the effect that your role was strictly observational until you had more
experience, but one drink wouldn't hurt, right? Besides, you might manage to
get some important information out of him...

He invited you over again the next night. And the next. Then to a restaurant
he owned on a luxury spaceliner for a romantic dinner...where he admittedly
spent most of the night talking about himself, his ex girlfriend, the latest
company he'd bought out, the scuba diving trip he'd been on the week before
and whether or not it was worth it to buy a private island on Old Earth, but
he was still good looking and had an incredibly sexy voice, so you were happy
to let him babble on and reasoned that it could only be a good thing you were
going above and beyond the call of duty here to find out what your superiors
wanted to know.

And you kept right on thinking this until that very last drink arrived, the
one with the drugs in it. The last thing you remember was your vision
blurring, your muscles refusing to respond, and Marlin's vaguely regretful
voice. "June, uh, so one of my main guys tells me you're a spy or something?"
He sighs. "That really sucks, you're cute and all but everyone's saying I
need to put you in some kind of death trap now, so I guess..."

Now you're slowly coming awake with your head pounding and a mouth that feels
like cotton. Trying to rub your aching forehead brings to your attention the
fact that your hands are chained behind you. You're not sure where you are;
the gentle humming of an engine suggests that it's somewhere in space, but
that doesn't exactly narrow it down, and all you know is that you've got to
figure out a way to get free and escape...

> look

Cargo Room
You're slumped in a narrow closet-like room, so small that you can't even
fully stretch your legs, with your hands cuffed to a metal bar that runs
along the floor behind you. The cold steel-grey walls, dimly lit by a row of
tiny white lights, are featureless except for a cabinet set into the one
you're facing, a sturdy airlock door to the south, and a more traditional
sliding one to the north.

> x cabinet
A smooth cabinet face with the word 'MAINTENANCE' painted on it in three
different languages, and a small image of a pair of lips set into the upper
right corner, indicating it opens in response to a voice command.

> say open
There is a second of silence as your voice is processed, then with a faint
whir the cabinet door slides open, revealing a set of shelves containing a
couple of tools within.

> get tools
Seeing how you're still sitting on the floor and effectively chained to the
wall behind you, reaching the shelf with your hands is going to be a problem.

> kick tools
With a bit of creative twisting and turning, you're able to position yourself
at an angle to get in a decent kick. At your first attempt the shelves just
rattle a bit, but after a couple more increasingly determined tries, both
tools are sent bouncing onto the floor.

> get spinner
Hooking the tool with your foot, you manage to slide it over within reach of
your hands and pick it up with a feeling of triumph. Now you're getting
somewhere!

> turn on spinner
After a bit of sparking and sputtering, the yellow disk of light that gives
the laser spinner its name hums to life, whirling away at a speed faster than
the eye can follow and ready to cut something.

> cut handcuffs
It takes a bit of careful manuevering (you don't want to slice into your
wrists after all!) but once you're in the right position it only takes a
second for the laser to reduce the handcuffs into so many pieces of scrap
metal. You switch the tool off and stand up, free at last!

> get screwench
You take the screwench.

> n
The door is tightly closed, and there doesn't seem to be any obvious way to
open it.

> x door
A metal sliding door. There doesn't seem to be any way to open it from this
side, just a flat panel where the latch or scanner would normally be.

> x panel
A small rectangular panel is set into the door.

> open panel with screwench
The screwench isn't really the right size so it's fiddly work, but finally
the last screw is undone and dropped to the floor, where it rolls off to who
knows where, and you're able to pry open the panel.

> x panel
Behind the panel is a tangled mess of microchips and wires; this sort of
thing isn't really your area of expertise, but from what you recall of your
Basic Security classes it appears to be the insides of a simple electronic
lock, seen from the back. There are lots of wires, but the most important
seems to be a thin red one that leads to the main mechanism from somewhere
inside the door.

> unplug wire
"Hope this works..." you mutter, grabbing hold of the red wire and yanking it
loose. As you do so a tiny arc of blue energy leaps from the socket and onto
your hand before you can yank it away, giving you a painful zap that sets
your heart to racing. At the same time, the door emits a harsh buzzing sound,
sliding open in short jerky motions, then closed, then open again until it
freezes at about the halfway point, leaving just enough space for you to
squeeze through.

You pause a moment to rub your hand, reflecting ruefully that the shock you
received will probably leave a burn mark, and wondering what would have
happened if the jolt had been stronger...

> n
The first thing you notice as you step through the door is that you're in a
small shuttle, probably one of Marlin's. The second, third, and forth thing
is that there's a forcefield blocking off the controls, it's kind of
uncomfortably warm in here and for some reason the that the viewscreen is
letting in quite a bit of light. Too much light. In fact, you almost never
get that level of brightness unless you're just a little to close to...oh
hell.

You've got a spectacular view of a white sun in the viewscreen, and that's
because you're heading right for it.

...death trap indeed. This one isn't terribly original, but you have to admit
it's a classic.

> x forcefield
A sparkling blue wall of solid energy, with the little generator that
sustains it sitting behind the pilot's seat. A forcefield is standard safety
equipment on most ships, meant to protect the pilot and passengers in the
event of a hull breach, mutiny, hi-jacking, or a variety of other emergency
situations.

> x generator
The machine that projects the forcefield. Unfortunately on the other side of
the forcefield.

> x logo
For some reason the logo of Grey Enterprises is not the obvious color, but
blue. It's a large circular emblem depicting some sort of leaping fish with a
ridiculous spike on its nose.

As you look closer you discover that the logo is not simply printed on the
floor as you originally thought, but is actually the lid of a hatch leading
downwards.

> open hatch
You lift the hatch, revealing the shuttle's humming innards below. A few thin
metal rungs make it possible to climb down into the cramped space, you
suppose for maintenance and repairs.

> d
You take a moment to test your weight on the ladder (they make you nervous),
then climb down a short distance to the room below.

> n
Honestly it doesn't even look like someone is meant to be able to squeeze
into that compartment from this one. Luckily you're smaller than the average
mechanic, but it looks like you'll need both hands free to pull this off.

> drop all
You drop the screwench, the handcuffs and the laser spinner.

> n
You have to half climb, half jump over one of the machines to avoid a mess of
wires and sharp-edged, delicate looking parts. With some effort you manage to
make it into the next compartment without damaging either them or yourself,
though you do find yourself wishing for about the billionth time that you
were wearing something more sensible for this sort of work.

> u
You move up.

Front of Shuttle
Here a wide, curved viewscreen takes up most of the northern wall, with a
communications center directly beneath it, a navigation computer to the left,
and the engineering station to the right. You're rather concerned to see that
the first two don't seem to be receiving any power. It's strange that a new
ship would have a major malfunction like this--though honestly by this point
you wouldn't be surprised to find that either Marlin or his thugs
deliberately tampered with it--and more importantly you need to access that
navigation computer to set a new course.

An active emergency forcefield generator is sitting on the floor between the
pilot's chair and a hatch leading to the thrumming engine room below, while
the rest of the shuttle is to the south.

A pair of blue gloves has been tucked into the net pouch on the back of the
pilot's chair.

> turn off generator
You crouch down and flip the switch. The forcefield flickers, then goes off.
Simple enough...

...until with a harsh crackling, buzzing noise one of the computers behind
you explodes in a shower of glass. You're already close to the ground and
quick to shield your face, but even with the pilot's chair between you and
the worst of it you sustain several minor cuts and scratches.

You're just picking yourself up and checking over your injuries in disbelief,
when from somewhere a recording of a familiar and all too cheerful voice
starts to speak...

"June, hey, this is Marlin! A...uh, friend of mine said you might be able to
escape so my guys went ahead and rigged a bomb to go off if the forcefield
went down. Hope you're not dead or anything. Yet, I mean." There's a long
pause as though he's fumbling for something to say...

> s
You move south.

Back of Shuttle
You're standing in the back of a small shuttle. It only takes a second's
glance to realize that the northern section, containing the computers,
pilot's chair, viewscreen, and thus everything even remotely important or
useful to you right now has been blocked off by a powerful forcefield.

As for the part you're in, there's not a whole lot that stands out here; it
seems to be an 'efficiency' model, no doubt right off the assembly line of
the very factory you were investigating. The engines hum quietly somewhere
beneath your feet, and to your left and right, respectively, a spartan bed
and table have been unfolded from the walls, a Grey Enterprises logo stamped
on the floor between them. The combination storage compartment and airlock
you were locked in is back to the south.

"....uh, anyway, last night was fun, too bad you turned out to be a spy and
all..." Another pause.

> d
You move down.

Machine Room
A tiny, cramped compartment filled with no-doubt vital machinery you know
nothing about and are none too eager to fool with. The engine itself appears
to be in a seperate compartment a little ways north of here, but it'll be a
tight squeeze between two connected pieces of equipment to get there. A hatch
leads back up to the back of the shuttle.

A screwench lies here.

Also here are the handcuffs and a laser spinner.

|"...oh damn, my lunch is here. Gotta go, babe." The recording goes silent,
leaving you to reflect that was probably the weakest example of villainous
gloating you've ever heard and a complete waste of such a sexy voi...

Ahem.

...you're still going to kill the bastard.

> get all
You take the screwench, the handcuffs and the laser spinner.

> u
You move up.

Back of Shuttle
You're standing in the back of a small shuttle. It only takes a second's
glance to realize that the northern section, containing the computers,
pilot's chair, viewscreen, and thus everything even remotely important or
useful to you right now has been blocked off by a powerful forcefield.

As for the part you're in, there's not a whole lot that stands out here; it
seems to be an 'efficiency' model, no doubt right off the assembly line of
the very factory you were investigating. The engines hum quietly somewhere
beneath your feet, and to your left and right, respectively, a spartan bed
and table have been unfolded from the walls, a Grey Enterprises logo stamped
on the floor between them. The combination storage compartment and airlock
you were locked in is back to the south.

> n
You move north.

Front of Shuttle
You survey the front of the shuttle, broken glass from the burnt-out husk of
the navigation computer crunching underfoot. Beneath the wide viewscreen that
takes up most of the northern wall is the communication center, and to the
right of it, thankfully far enough away from the blast that it remained
undamaged, is the engineering station that monitors such things as life
support and fuel.

An inactive emergency forcefield generator is sitting on the floor between
the pilot's chair and a hatch leading to the thrumming engine room below,
while the rest of the shuttle is to the south.

A pair of blue gloves has been tucked into the net pouch on the back of the
pilot's chair.

> x gloves
A pair of bright blue gloves that look long enough to go up to your elbows,
made out what looks like the same hazard-proof material as the labcoats and
engineering smocks used at the Station.

> get gloves
You take the pair of blue gloves.

> d
You take a moment to test your weight on the ladder (they make you nervous),
then climb down a short distance to the room below.

> wear gloves
You pull the long gloves on, the material bunching up around your elbows.
They're much too large and rather uncomfortable.

> unscrew bolt with screwench
This is probably not the recommended way to unhook an engine, but you've got
to try something. Working quickly, you adjust the screwench over the first
bolt and give it a good yank.

Nothing happens.

You give a frustrated sigh, wipe your hands on your dress, grit your teeth
and grab the tool again, pulling as hard as you can until with a squeak of
protest the first bolt begins to move. By the time the fourth comes loose,
you feel like you could damn near say the same about some of the muscles in
your back, but the thought is interrupted by the crackling blue energy that
suddenly blazes from the end of the cord as you yank it free. You struggle to
hold it steady and pointed away from you as it writhes like a live thing in
your grip; tendrils of lightning try to crawl up your arms, but thankfully
can't find their way past the gloves, and after a few moments of this the
last of its power seems spent.

Meanwhile, the engine grinds to a slow, shuddering halt, and you allow
yourself to breathe a sigh of relief. No doubt the shuttle is still coasting
forward on momentum alone, but in terms of even relatively small solar
distances you might as well be sitting dead in the water, and are no longer
in any real danger of getting too close to the sun before help can arrive.

> u
You move up.

Front of Shuttle
You survey the front of the shuttle, broken glass from the burnt-out husk of
the navigation computer crunching underfoot. Beneath the wide viewscreen that
takes up most of the northern wall is the communication center, and to the
right of it, thankfully far enough away from the blast that it remained
undamaged, is the engineering station that monitors such things as life
support and fuel.

An inactive emergency forcefield generator is sitting on the floor between
the pilot's chair and a hatch leading to the silent engine room below, while
the rest of the shuttle is to the south.

> x communications center
The computer the pilot generally uses to do a variety of important things,
including verifying flight plans, signaling for assistance, picking up
musical broadcasts from his home planet, or accessing all 400 channels of
intergalactic porn...though not necessarily in that order.

It still doesn't have any power, but at least it doesn't seem to have been
damaged by the blast.

> get unit from generator
You unhook the little power unit from the generator, flipping it around and
noting that there's still plenty of juice left.

> plug unit into center
Holding your breath and sending up a little prayer, you attach the power unit
to the appropriate slot in the communications center, not allowing yourself
to relax until the screen comes to life with a series of the most beautiful
beeps you've ever heard.

It's not long until your distress signal is answered, and a group of
salvagers are happy to ferry you back to the Station in exchange for dibs on
cutting the shuttle down to its component parts. You gladly agree, only
wishing you could do the same to Marlin...

...but revenge will have to wait for another day. Right now, after a hot
shower and a change of clothes, your first concern is going to be reporting
to your superiors and coming up with a good excuse as to why you wrecked your
first real mission and why you deserve another chance.

Just how good of a liar are you? Find out in...

The Marlin Affair: Chapter One
coming soon!

> quit
Do you really want to quit? [Y/N]
