Loading game...

The Merlin Bird of Prey written by Mark Sarul

Norman Thicket had always been a dreamer, escaping into a world of fantasy.
Ordinary life just seemed too mundane to him, better a world of books and
adventure games. One day whilst talking to a friend he complained of life. A
strange man came past and on hearing Norman said, "So you want adventure,
well then, you shall have it". Norman asked the man, "What do you mean, I
shall have it". The man then turned his piercing stare holding Norman for a
few seconds, "I have given you what you have wished for, a world of fantasy".
The man then quickly disappeared, slowly Norman's sight started to become
hazy and everything started to turn inside out, suddenly Norman blacked out.

You have been called upon to find the ritual treasures of an old monastery in
the land of Tarakania. The treasures were stolen from the monastery by an
evil magician called Oswin who is said to have only one fear, that of the
merlin, bird of prey. Many many years ago the king of Tarakania was given the
merlin bird as a gift by an old women who new of Oswin and his fears. She
also knew what Oswin had done to the monastery and so she cast a spell on the
merlin bird which gave it poisonous talons. Until now no one has had the
courage or strength to challenge Oswin. It is up to you to find and return
the ritual treasures to the monastery and rid Tarakania of this evil man.
Your first challenge is to find where the monks have hidden the merlin bird,
if you able to find the merlin bird this will be proof enough to the monks
that you will be trustworthy in your quest to help them.

And so your world of fantasy begins...

The Gatehouse
Halfway up a mountain stands a large gatehouse of an old 12th century
monastery. To the far west and in the distance you can see a snow capped
mountain range, to the south a great expanse of forest, while below you to
the north you can see what looks like an old house with smoke coming from
it's chimney. To the east are two large bronze doors of the monastery.

> examine bronze door
The bronze doors are high enough to allow heavily laden carts to pass
through. Set into the left hand bronze door is a small square grating and on
the wall you see a chain which is attached to a brass bell.

> pull chain
You grab hold of the chain and give it a couple of tugs. After a while two
monks appear at the grating, one of them looks at you and smiles. "Welcome my
son". Saying this they both slowly open one of the large bronze doors and
then quickly disappear.

> e
You move east.

The Main Cloister
This is a large open area of the monastery. The surrounding walls are filled
with tall arches. You can also see a small square lawn and in the centre of
the lawn there is a small fountain. A large bronze door is open to the west.
You can move south and west.

> examine fountain
There is a tall stone lion sitting in the centre of the fountain with water
spewing from it's mouth.

> drink water
You place your cupped hands in to the fountain and drink the refreshing clear
water. Just what you needed.

> s
You move south.

The Frater
This is where the monks eat their meals. As you walk into the room you can
hear the echo of your footsteps on the solid oak floor. Lined up either side
of you are rows and rows of wooden tables with long benches pushed underneath
them. There is a strong smell of cooked vegetables coming from the south,
while to the east you notice an arched wooden door.  You can only move north.

> look at table
You see no such thing.

> examine frater
The Frater
This is where the monks eat their meals. As you walk into the room you can
hear the echo of your footsteps on the solid oak floor. Lined up either side
of you are rows and rows of wooden tables with long benches pushed underneath
them. There is a strong smell of cooked vegetables coming from the south,
while to the east you notice an arched wooden door.  You can only move north.

> n
You move north.

The Main Cloister
This is a large open area of the monastery. The surrounding walls are filled
with tall arches. You can also see a small square lawn and in the centre of
the lawn there is a small fountain. A large bronze door is open to the west.
You can move south and west.

> w
You move west.

The Gatehouse
Halfway up a mountain stands a large gatehouse of an old 12th century
monastery. To the far west and in the distance you can see a snow capped
mountain range, to the far south a great expanse of forest, while below you
to the far north you can see what looks like an old house with smoke coming
from it's chimney. To the east are two large bronze doors of the monastery,
one of the large bronze doors are open.  You can only move east.

> quit
Do you really want to quit? [Y/N]
