Loading game...

Microwave Man!
You are merely 2 inches tall, and more than just a little confused.  You just
woke up from a long sleep to find yourself lying in a big, dirty, empty room.
 You're buck naked and beside you is a pile of aluminum clothing and a shard
of glass.  You slowly look around evaluate your surroundings, realizing that
you're in a microwave.

Now you have to get out, before someone sticks something in there and
bombards you with the radioactive waves that will come with it.  Hurry, if
you don't get out soon you'll suffocate!

> take clothes
You pick up some aluminum clothes.

> wear clothes
You put on some aluminum clothes.

> take glass
You pick up the shard of glass.

> bang on door
You bang on the microwave door, praying for someone to notice you.  A few
moments pass, and a large hand opens the door!  The man which opens the door
looks at you, and smirks.  "Ah, so it's my old enemy the little little man!"
he says with a cackle.  The man puts a coffee mug in the microwave and closes
the door.
Coffee Man closes the door and begins to press buttons on the microwave.

> chop door
You cut a big gash in the microwave door's protective cover.

> hold up glass
You hold up the shard of glass, hoping the radioactive beams about to bombard
you will reflect off it and blast down the door.  You grit your teeth as
Coffee Man presses some buttons on the microwave and presses 'START'.
Yes!  The beams shoot at you but bounce off of the glass!  You steer the
beams in the direction of the microwave door... and the door pops open!  The
microwave shuts itself off when the door opens!
Coffee Man is halfway through pressing the buttons!

> take gun
You take a small pistol from some aluminum clothes.

> south
You move south.
The kitchen, a wide and wonderful place compared to the dark isolation of the
microwave.  There's a counter, a ceramic floor, a stove, a sink, and various
other fixtures in a kitchen (you know what a kitchen looks like!).
Coffee Man is here.

> shoot man
You shoot Coffee Man with your gun.  You win the game.You have destroyed
Coffee Man and let now Microwave Man can live a life of peace.  Of course,
Coffee Man would have gone on to negotiate World Peace, but hey, at least
you're alive, right?
You scored 100 out of the maximum 100!
That is 100% of the game!
Well done - you scored maximum points!
