Loading game...

In The Mind Of The Master

In The Mind Of The Master

An ADRIFT Game
by David Whyld

Started in March 2007, completed in September 2007
Written with ADRIFT Version 4, Release 46

Earlier Releases of ADRIFT 4 should play this game without problems, but it
is recommended to play it using Release 46 or later. If you don't already
have this version installed, it can be found at

http://www.shadowvault.net/adrift.htm

1)        Begin the game
2)        Read the introduction
3)        Read the notes on the game
4)        Things to know before playing
5)        Game information and credits

> 1

}Fortunately I was tipped off that they were coming.

Things might have gone badly for me if not for the helpful fellow who sent me
the message, at great personal risk, warning of what was to happen at
midnight. So when they came for me, I was ready.

How did I escape? Well, let's see…~

a Apartment

The Master was in his apartment which, while not large, gave the impression
of being so. There was a lot in here, fitted in in such a way as to make the
apartment seem many times its actual size, though at the same time there was,
strangely enough, ample free space.

The Master saw several shelves of books lining the walls, a large wardrobe
(out of place here but too bulky for his bedroom), a trunk in the corner and
several chairs. There was a closet in one wall in which he kept his
disguises, a door to the east leading out into the corridor which spanned the
top floor of the building and to the northwest was his bedroom.

> read books
The Master picked up a book at random. He opened it, read a passage he had
highlighted not too long ago:

"... the emergence of powers, the like of which has never been encountered
before. In olden times, before the rise of technology, such powers were often
regarded with superstitious dread. Many believed they came from the Devil and
the ones who displayed them were often persecuted, whether they committed
evil deeds or not.

"The true extent of the powers of these individuals was unknown, though much
speculation arose. Some claimed the ability to walk through walls, other
could become those they desired to be, others could move objects with the
thought of will alone. Documented accounts vary in veracity, though the
existence of such individuals has always been open to question in any
event..."

> open closet
The Master opened the closet and saw hanging inside his collection of
disguises. He dismissed several outright - too flamboyant or too out of style
or simply too unbecoming for a man of his stature - and narrowed the
possibilities down to three: a police sergeant's uniform, a postal worker's
outfit and a gentleman's suit.

Yes, any would suffice in the circumstances.

> get police sergeant's uniform
The Master selected the disguise. It seemed a simple enough thing, and hardly
suitable for a master of disguise such as he was, but sometimes the simplest
disguises were often the best. A uniform that tended to make the wary avert
their eyes, that commanded respect from others dressed in like garb, was
often all that was required.

Aware of the nearness of midnight and the unpleasant fate which would befall
him should he still be present at that time, he swiftly became the police
sergeant. This was not a simple slipping on of a new pair of clothes. His
physical appearance itself might not have changed but a casual passerby,
seeing him before and seeing him now, would have been hard pressed to know
they were one and the same.

He looked at himself at the mirror. The Master was gone. The police sergeant
was here.

The police sergeant was aware that time was pressing. He wasn't sure how
little time he had left but knew that it wasn't enough. He needed to be gone
from here… and quickly.

> e
Time to leave. The police sergeant cast a glance around the apartment that
had been home to the Master for a good many years. He recalled that he had
not cared for it at first - too small, too cramped, too lower class for
someone of his breeding. But he had grown to like it. To even become fond of
it. Leaving was almost painful.

Yet he had to leave. They were coming for him. If he was not gone soon…

With a nod of his head to the apartment and its possessions he could never
hope to take with him, and thus would have to leave, he opened the door and
departed.

The police sergeant descended the stairs swiftly, though not so swiftly that
anyone who observed him would assume there was anything suspicious about his
movements. He met several people on his way down, nodded amiably to them, and
reached the lobby without incident.

[MORE]

a Lobby

The lobby of the building possessed a kind of charm which the Master had
taken to immediately. It was, while not unique in this modern world of
technology, at least unusual. A chipped wooden counter to one side of the
lobby was manned by an elderly fellow with a goatee which ill suited him.
There was an old-fashioned radio on the counter. Behind the clerk were a
number of holes in the wall in which mail for individual guests was held
until they arrived to collect it. In the other direction to the counter lay
the bar area, though the police sergeant seldom ventured there due to his
dislike of such places.

Several directions presented themselves to the police sergeant: up the stairs
he had just recently descended, east to the bar area, north along a corridor
leading to the back of the building and south to the street where, so he
noted, a light rain had begun to fall.

The police sergeant heard from the radio... nothing very interesting.

> s
The police sergeant opened the front door of the building… and froze. There,
less than ten feet away from him, was the unmistakeable form of Pauldro.
Massive and hulking, he towered over the others around him, like a veritable
ogre amongst men. He seemed almost a giant compared to Grekko who stood in
his shadow.

The police sergeant's hesitation almost cost him, but he remembered who he
was - an officer of the law no less - and rather than retreat into the
building, or make a run for it, or try to hide himself, he strolled
confidently down the steps and past Grekko. He was close enough to touch at
one point. As expected, neither Grekko nor the lumbering Pauldro, or any of
the cronies they had brought with them, gave him so much as a second glance.

Smiling inwardly, the police sergeant made his way down the street. A
roadblock had been set up, but the men there took one look at him (not a
close look thankfully) and waved him past. He turned a corner and, wary of
travelling for too long in the same disguise, slipped into a café.

[MORE]

}You seem surprised at the ease with which I eluded Grekko? Don't be. Grekko
is good at what he does, and Pauldro, for all that he appears a simpleton,
has a keen mind, too.

But they are amateurs at the game we play. And I?

I am the Master.~

a Cafe

The police sergeant seldom frequented cafes these days. It wasn't, so he
hoped, that he was above such things but simply that he found himself with
precious little free time in order to simply sit around in such places. This
one, he was relieved to note, seemed a little cleaner than the ones he
remembered from years gone by: the tables were neat and orderly, the staff
smiling and pleasant and the customers, while common, at least sober and in
good spirits. Fortunately, none of them seemed at all uneasy about the
presence of a police officer in their midst.

A door to the north led to the outside world.

> out
The police sergeant stepped from the café, thoughts forming in his mind over
what his next move should be… and then realised that he really should not
have left the café without first checking the way was clear. Of course, the
odds that Grekko and his cronies would be passing by this café at the exact
same time as their quarry emerged were many thousands to one, yet this was
what indeed happened.

For a moment, there was deathly silence. For a moment, the police sergeant
dared to hope that Grekko would overlook him as he had before. For a moment…

Grekko's eyes narrowed perceptibly and he held up a hand, halting his
contingent. "You!" he called. "You! Come here!"

Naturally, he referred to the police sergeant. Who abruptly turned on his
heel, dived into a nearby alley, and fled as fast as he could.

[MORE]

He was many things, the police sergeant was not a world class athlete. He was
in good condition, though, and the alley was narrow enough so that Grekko's
cronies could not run along it in any great number. So the police sergeant
ran, and Grekko's cronies ran behind him. One of them nearly caught him at a
bend, but he gave the fellow a shove and sent him careening into a wall. He
turned over an overflowing bin and that bought him some time. Eventually the
alley reached an end and the police sergeant plunged into another directly
opposite it, aware that his pursuers were falling further and further behind.
At the end of this alley, he scrambled over a fence, dropped down into
someone's garden, snatched at the clothing he saw hanging on the washing line
there, and then ran some more. He wasn't entirely sure when the pursuit
ceased, but simply remembered pausing to gather his breath on a side street
and realising he was, mercifully, alone.

The change of clothes came in handy. His previous disguise was tatty now, and
mud-stained and would be unlikely to pass muster if anyone inspected it too
closely. He changed swiftly, in the shadows of an abandoned shop, and emerged
looking… disreputable. The clothes were simple and plain, hardly the sort of
thing he would normally be seen in, and yet, given that he was trying to
avoid detection now, appropriate.

"I look like a common thief," he said, and decided that that was what he now
was.

[MORE]

The thief walked some more. Night was beginning to fall. It was growing cold.
He had another apartment he could go to, a simple bedsit, but it was on the
far side of the city and he had no way of knowing if Grekko would be there
waiting for him. What he needed for the time being was somewhere he could lay
low, somewhere where he would not be sought after…

It was as he was thinking those words that the thief turned a corner and
found himself on Balmoral Way.

[MORE]

a Balmoral Way

Balmoral Way. At one time, the Master had frequented this area often, though
the thief fancied no one would recognise his current disguise. It was in the
heart of the city's entertainment district and catered, amongst other things,
to many select theatres and art houses. These days it appeared little
changed: a haze still hung over everything, drifting from many illicit drug
dens and from the pipes smoked by refined gentlemen strolling along. There
were old-fashioned lights every ten paces and the buildings themselves harked
back to a day when the world was a far less complicated place. In fact, the
whole of Balmoral Way, all two miles of it, was like a step back in time.

The entrance to a gentleman's club the Master had been a visitor to stood
just to the north while the road itself wound away to the east and west.

There was no sign over the door but the thief recognised the club as one the
Master had visited many times before. Dressed as he was, he doubted he would
be able to gain access. The club catered to the rich and employed a number of
highly trained bouncers to ensure undesirables were kept off the premises.
They would likely take one look at him and throw him out into the street.
Perhaps an alternative entrance existed…

> w

a Balmoral Way {west}

Further to the west was an area the thief had never visited but which was
often referred to as 'the slums'. It was an unwelcoming area, the kind of
place seldom visited by anyone who did not live there. To the east was the
majority of Balmoral Way while to the north was an alley running alongside
the club.

> n

a Alley

Bags of garbage, bulging at the seams and smelling several degrees beyond
foul, were thrown haphazardly against the far wall of the alley. There was a
window above these bags, though far enough up the wall to be effectively out
of reach even if the thief were so minded as to attempt to climb up to it.
The walls of the alley were close enough to touch, though the thief fancied
they were little cleaner than the garbage itself and found himself wishing he
was anywhere but here.

> move garbage
Grimacing against the smell, the thief gripped hold of the nearest bag and
shoved it to one side. Mercifully it didn't split, though the stench as it
shifted was enough to make him wince.

But his effort was rewarded for there, behind the bag, was a door set into
the wall of the club. He moved several other bags to allow him easier access
to the door.

> force door
It was surprisingly easy to force the door. The thief simply leant on it and
it opened with barely any pressure exerted.

> in
The thief slipped inside the club.

[MORE]

}And so to my old haunts I returned. The Montalban. I had spent quite some
time here before my current troubles. I had been something of a celebrity
there and people had travelled to see me.

But that was then. This is now. I had left the Montalban a well-respected
figure; I returned a fugitive.~

a The Montalban

The atmosphere was smoky. The thief remembered it well. The Montalban had
changed little over the years.

There was a central stage where entertainers often performed - indeed, there
was now a singer atop it, purring lustily into a microphone, a song about
love and loss and hope and despair. Several drinkers sat around the stage,
chatting softly amongst themselves. Waitresses moved between the tables, all
of them young women, pretty, dressed in a way that suggested, in no uncertain
terms, that this was a man's club and the only women allowed were working
here.

Along one wall ran an elegant bar at which a bartender in a pin-striped suit
served wine. No beer. The Montalban would never serve such a common beverage.

The thief noticed a corridor running to the north (in the direction of the
manager's office), a doorway to the northwest (leading to what he believed
was a gambling area) and to the south lay Balmoral Way.

As the thief stood there, looking around the oh so familiar interior of the
Montalban, he was struck by a feeling of rightness. That he should be here.
Whatever fluke of fate or chance had bought him here, it was, he felt, the
place he needed to be. Here he would discover just why Grekko and Pauldro had
come for him, what it was they thought he had done.

And he would find the means to fight back.

> talk to bartender
"Good evening, sir," the bartender said with a slight nod of the head. "It is
good to see you again." He hesitated then added, "though I am somewhat
surprised at your current attire."

1)  "Again? My dear fellow, I've never foot in here in my life before today."
2)  "Indeed. It is good to be back."
3)  "I would like a drink. What is the house favourite?"
4)  "And what is wrong with my current attire?"

0)  {say nothing}

> 3
The bartender indicated the house favourite was a drink known as Devil's
Delight.

"An interesting name," said the thief. "What is in it?"

"Ah, sir, but that would be giving away all my secrets."

The thief allowed that that would be the case.

1)  "I'll have one anyway. One Devil's Delight, my man."
2)  "Perhaps I will give it a miss this once."

0)  {say nothing}

> 1
The bartender delivered a Devil's Delight and said, "I shall have a tab
started, sir," which pleased the Master because he was currently without
funds. The drink was red in colour and looked unpleasantly like blood. "It
looks better than it tastes, sir," he added.

The Master thanked him and sipped it. It was, to his surprise, actually a
fine drink. There was even a pleasant aftertaste, one which lingered long
after the glass was empty.

"Is the drink fine, sir?" the bartender asked.

The Master nodded. He suddenly felt very sleepy. He started to say something
but instead found that he was having great difficulty in staying upright. He
put a hand out to catch hold of the edge of the bar yet it moved out of his
reach and he fell over.

The floor rushed up to meet him…

[MORE]

}I knew nothing for some time after that. Was it hours? Days? Weeks? Probably
no more than a matter of minutes though when I awoke and it was dark, I felt
sure that a great deal of time had passed.

Was I worried at the predicament I found myself in? Perhaps. But not, I
suspect, as worried as you are right now, my friend.~

A voice: "Ah, you are aware. Good. I was beginning to wonder if the dose we
had given you was too much. If it was... fatal..."

The Master looked around. He saw nothing. Pitch blackness assailed him on all
sides.

A voice: "Save yourself the trouble, Kasvar. This is a Chamber. I'm sure
you're familiar with the term?"

He was. And it was many years since he had been called Kasvar. He glanced at
himself. His disguise was gone. He was the Master once more.

A voice: "Answer what I ask you and you will live. Refuse to answer or give
me the wrong answers and you will not. Understand?"

Whether he did or not was irrelevant. The voice did not wait for a reply.

"Why does the Cardinal wish to capture you? For what reason have you become
his target?"

1)  "I have no idea."
2)  "He suspects I am an enemy of his."
3)  "Why don't you start by telling me why I have been brought here?"

0)  {say nothing}

> 2
"And is he correct? Are you an enemy?"

1)  "Yes."
2)  "No."
3)  "I don't know enough about why he wants me to say for certain."

0)  {say nothing}

> 1
A laugh from somewhere in the dark.

"Indeed, Kasvar! Indeed! After all, if you were not an enemy to the Cardinal,
we would have no use for you, would we?"

1)  "And what is your use for me?"

0)  {say nothing}

> 1
"Oh, such a simple one. And something I am sure you will take to heart as it
is in your own best interests as well as ours."

"And that is?"

"Naturally, we wish you to kill me."

1)  "Why me? I am being hunted by his agents, I cannot walk the streets
without risking being captured by them and I certainly cannot approach him
undetected."
2)  "Why me? I am no assassin."

0)  {say nothing}

> 1
"Hunted, Kasvar? You? Surely not. You are, after all, the Master. Is there a
man alive who can recognise you when you choose not to be recognised? Is
there anyone you cannot get to if you so desire? After all..."

A brief pause then:

"... it is how you killed all your other victims, is it not?"

1)  "You have me mistaken for someone else. I am many things, but not a
killer."
2)  "You captured me so clearly I am not as invincible as you seem to think."

0)  {say nothing}

> 1
"You are what you become. Has that not always been the case?"

"I..."

"No, do not answer that. The question was rhetorical; the answer irrelevant.
Think merely on this: the Cardinal wishes you dead. He will stop at nothing
to see that wish carried out. We have the means to reach him, you have the
means to kill him. Self-preservation alone should prove sufficient motivation
to carry out our little mission."

1)  "Self-preservation or not, I am no killer."
2)  "I... I need to think on this."
3)  "If you have the means to reach the Cardinal, why do you need me to kill
him? Why not kill him yourself?"

0)  {say nothing}

> 2
"There is nothing to think on, Kasvar. This is an optional task I set you
here, one that can be completed or not on a whim. I need to have your answer,
and you will not leave this room, this Chamber, until I do. Tell me: will you
kill the Cardinal?"

1)  "Yes, I will kill him if I have no choice in the matter."
2)  "No, I will not do it."

0)  {say nothing}

> 1
"Yes," I say. "I will kill the Cardinal for you."

[MORE]

}And as easily as that, I became a killer for hire. My price? Simple
self-preservation.

Or did I have other reasons for doing what I did? I can see you wondering
that, questioning my motives, debating if what I am telling you is the honest
truth or mere words I seek to mystify you with.

But listen a little more if you will. All will become clear. And we are
nearing the end of my tale after all...~

The Master was given no weapon. He did not have a cyanide capsule hidden
about his person nor was he briefed in counter-espionage tactics. He was
simply taken from the chamber, though by which means he left it he could not
tell. Only after he found himself in a dusty corridor, paint peeling from the
walls, did he become aware that he was no longer in the chamber though how he
had left it, he could not tell. He was showed a door by a man who did not
speak and led out into the street.

It was raining. Cold, wet, miserable.

"What now?" he asked.

"Now?" The speaker was stood in the shadows. His face was hidden. "Now you go
to this address-" a piece of paper was thrust into the Master's hand "-and
you go inside and you kill the Cardinal."

"As simple as that?"

"As simple as that."

The Master would have asked more questions but the speaker turned and
re-entered the building. The door closed. The unmistakeable sound of a bolt
being thrown was heard.

[MORE]

a By A Door

The Master was on a side street, stood by a closed door set into a dusty
wall. The street ran to the east and west.

> read paper
It read:

"PROCTOR AVENUE, 1213
THE CARDINAL'S RESIDENCE"

The Master knew the address well. It lay several miles east of his current
location.

> e
The Master left the door and the building and what it contained and moved
eastwards. The piece of paper he discarded, its purpose served. He walked
quickly but carefully, always looking about himself for possible problems. He
saw no sign of Grekko, Pauldro or any of their ilk. It was a very short time
later when he arrived at his destination.

[MORE]

a Proctor Street

Proctor Street was quiet.

It lay in a part of the city that had an unnatural quietness to it. It was an
oddity, one the Master had reflected upon many times over the years and had
yet to reach a suitable conclusion about. Rumours said of vast chambers
underground filled with diabolical machines which somehow suppressed sound.
Fanciful? Perhaps. But the quiet was undisputable. A shout here was no louder
than a whisper.

The home of the Cardinal - for home read office/base/headquarters - was set
directly to the north. It was unassuming: a small house in a row of small
houses. Purposefully inconspicuous. His official residence was across town,
situated in the middle of Tolonel Square and occupying almost an entire city
block. But this, Proctor Street, was where he actually lived. There was a
guard standing at the door, a gun held openly in his hand and his expression
was anything but friendly.

Proctor Street extended to the northwest and northeast and to the south there
was an area of wasteland soon to be developed into an office block, according
to the sign to one side. A billboard to one side of the Cardinal's home
carried a picture of the man himself, his face benevolent as he bestowed a
blessing on someone not captured on the billboard.

> x wasteland
A building site now, one day a new office block. The Master felt it looked
somewhat garish and out of place in these otherwise sedate surroundings, but
doubted his opinion would unduly affect anything.

However, whilst looking over the site he saw, propped against a fence, a
cudgel. As a weapon it was hardly on par with a gun or even a knife, but it
could still prove effective if wielded correctly. He took it with him. It was
better than nothing.

> hit guard with cudgel
The Master had a poor weapon. The guard was armed with a far better one. If
the situation was reversed, the Master would have felt confident that he
could overpower the other man. But now, under these circumstances...

Perhaps there was another way.

> hit guard with cudgel
The Master approached the guard casually, as if he was merely a fellow out
for an early evening stroll. The guard watched him approach, perhaps
wondering just what the Master was doing and then, when he saw the cudgel,
his eyes widened and he went for his gun.

Too slow.

The Master whirled the cudgel in the air and struck the guard with it, just
once, to the side of the head. He never even had time to shout out in pain
before he was crumpling to the ground.

The Master looked around. No one was there. No one had seen a thing. He
quickly searched the guard, found the key he knew was there, opened the door,
let himself inside, dragged the unconscious man inside and him in a closet
close by, and he was there. At the same time, he also helped himself to the
guard's gun and discarded the cudgel. And then, on a whim, he took the
guard's uniform as well and put it on. It would serve far better than his
current guise.

[MORE]

a A Short Corridor

Remarkably plain, the corridor ran a short way north to a closed door and
south to Proctor Street. To one side, there was closet.

> open door
The door opened.

The guard hesitated, expecting an alarm to sound or perhaps some security
guard to come running. Instead… nothing.

After a brief moment, he stepped through the doorway. There was a room
beyond, large and lavish, furnished in such a way that indicated money was in
abundance. A thief could rob this one room and live happily off the profits
for a long time.

In the centre was a couch on which a man and woman were seated. As the guard
entered, they paused in what they were doing and looked up. The man's shirt
was undone, the woman was naked.

The man started to exclaim, "Who the hell do you-" and then he eyes narrowed.
"I know you. You might be disguised as one of my own security guards but
that's the last thing you are."

The woman sprung to her feet. Despite her womanish curves and the act she had
been engaged in, she appeared young. Very young. She snatched at some clothes
of hers that were scattered on the floor and fled into the adjoining room.
The man never even glanced at her.

"Damn you," said the Cardinal. "Damn you to hell and back, Kasvar."

> become cardinal
The guard looked into the Cardinal's eyes and became...

The Cardinal.

There was a strange moment when the two of them, two Cardinals, stood facing
each other across the small room. The Cardinal who had formerly been the
Master looked at the other Cardinal, the original one, who was looking like
he could not believe his own eyes.

The original Cardinal took a step back and almost fell. He murmured, "it's...
true then... all true..."

The new Cardinal nodded. "You seemed surprised. Didn't you realise I could do
this?"

The original Cardinal shook his head in disbelief.

"A pity." The new Cardinal took a step towards the old one. "For you."

He struck. Just once. A single punch to the face was all it took. The old
Cardinal raised his hands to block the punch, and the new one noticed a
definite shimmering in the air that presaged something about the Cardinal he
had been unaware of, but the shimmering was too slow and the new Cardinal was
too fast, and his fist struck the old Cardinal a mighty blow to the forehead.

The punch knocked him back and he fell heavily to the floor. He did not rise
again.

[MORE]

The Master sank down onto the sofa. He felt… exhausted. Drained. Becoming
someone else, where he not only disguised himself as someone else, but became
them - mind, body, soul - always tired him. It would be many weeks or months
or even years before he could do it again.

But at least he had achieved something notable this time. The Cardinal. The
actual ruler of the city and, as was well known, the most powerful man in the
free world. Before he had become the Master, a celebrity at the time and one
whom he had admired as a man of remarkable intellect and foresight, but,
ultimately, just a man like all the others. He had been a civil servant
before that by the name of Mikal Shalper so the Master had been an
improvement at least, but little more.

The Master… no, the Cardinal. That was who he was now. The Master was dead.
He had to remember that. Totally ridding himself of an old personality was
difficult, perhaps the hardest thing he had ever done, but he had been doing
it for nigh on two centuries now and knew he was up to the task.

The… Cardinal frowned.

Strange. He had access to the Cardinal's memories now - all his hopes and
fears, his darkest secrets and greatest desires - yet the one thing he could
not discover, the one thing he had come here seeking an answer to, was why
the Cardinal had wished him dead. Why had he sent Grekko and Pauldro after
him? To what end? All he could find, no matter how he exerted himself, was
that the Cardinal had believed the Master was coming here to assassinate him
and to prevent that, had ordered out a death squad with orders to shoot on
sight. Where the Cardinal had come across the notion that the Master wished
him dead was a mystery.

But there was one piece of startling information he did discover. One he
would never have thought to even look for if it had not been right at the
forefront of the Cardinal's thoughts: the call which had alerted him to the
arrival of Grekko and Pauldro at his apartment had come from the Cardinal's
own private line.

It was the Cardinal himself who had warned him.

[MORE]

And so the game has come to an end. You are victorious, whoever you might
happen to be at this stage. You have prevailed against the odds and emerged
the winner, though you're perhaps a little confused about exactly what it is
you've achieved. No need to worry on that account. In The Mind Of The Master
isn't a particularly straightforward game. Not everything is expected to make
sense or fall neatly into place.

There are several different endings to the game, dependent upon the decisions
you made throughout it and who you were at the end. If you feel like playing
it again to see if you can find them all, please do so. The basic layout of
the game (fleeing the hotel to begin with, arriving at the Montalban, the
encounter with the Cardinal) remains the same each time but there are subtle
differences along the many paths that ought to make replaying it at least
once worthwhile.

Type notes if you replay the game for some background info and walkthrough
for the best way to reach those endings.

But for now, thanks for playing and I hoped you enjoyed the game.

David Whyld

> quit
Do you really want to quit? [Y/N]
