Loading game...

Montahue Scott and the Mobius Belt
Resting comfortably in your loft in Less Angels, California, is a good way to
spend a weekend. Being shuttled off to the depths of space is not as nice.
That's just how you spent yours, though, as the Earth representative of the
Universal Parliament gave you a call on Friday.

"Mr. Scott, the Universal Parliament is up in arms. A group of highly trained
specialists have been sent to investigate an astonishing new structure at
co-ordinates Vensqui sector 5, quadrant 3 degrees 64 and 54."

"And that is bad how? Because it's progress?"

"No. They've disappeared."

"The Parliament?"

"The professionals. They got into the structure--"

You cut in. "What's this thing called?"

"Oh," he says, "it's called the Mobius Belt. Anyway, we need--"

"What's a... an M-thingie?" you inquire.

A sigh comes over the phone line. "A mobius strip has only one side, Mr.
Scott. Anyway, we--"

"One side!" you exclaim. "Wow! That's really--"

"ANYWAY," cuts-in the delegate (how rude!), "this is plan B, as the initial
exploration failed. We need you to go to the Mobius Belt and figure out
what's happened to them. If you could bring them back too, that would be just
peachy-keen. A shuttle will be by momentarily to pick you up."

The delegate disconnects, and you follow suit. Tossing on your hat, you
prepare for the inevitable.

Wham!

Yep. The shuttle has hit the landing pad on top of the building and come down
through your ceiling. You sigh and embark the ship to be sent off the the
Mobius Belt. You lie back on the sleeping couch and tip your hat down over
your eyes, preparing to take a weekend-long nap. Before you enter Dreamland,
a thought hits you:

Why am I plan B?

When you come to, the shuttle has unceremoniously dumped you into the
structure of the Mobius Belt and left you stranded in deep space. Lovely.

You are at the singular twisted area of the Mobius Belt, a great mid-space
alien construction. The main part of the Belt, the floor, is about two feet
thick and suspended in the center of a great tube of some sort of glass. It
twists itself at one point--here--and then continues onward, to the north and
the south. What is amazing is that this twist in the Belt gives it only one
side. To prove this, there is a strip of paint down the middle of the floor
that had been run over the entire strip, both "sides", without the brush
having been lifted from the ground once. The air is chemically treated and
scrubbed to suit every known species in the civilized cosmos. However, being
that the Belt is relatively stationary, there is no gravity. Through the
glass, you can see stars in all directions, and a particularly bright light
that you believe to be the agricultural planet of Serendipitous 6.

> n
You continue onward through the Mobius Belt, moving by puckering your lips
and propelling yourself with jets of air in the ungravitized tube, assuming
you'll eventually find the astronauts and end up back where you started out.
Unfortunately, you come to a blockade that covers the tube. Apparently, it's
some sort of room. It's apparent because there are people screaming from
inside. Are they the lost astronauts?

"Help!" they scream, faces framed in a small, two-foot-thick window in the
blockade. "We're the astronauts from the Universal Parliament!"

That answers that question. Now, how will you get them out of there? You
shrug to the astronauts in the window and float back to where you started.
They sure are rude--you can hear them cursing like sailors at you all the way
back.

> n
You decide, instead, to go the other way around to the blockade this time.
Sure enough, it's blocked on the other side too. The trip wasn't a total
waste, though, as you found a nice big chunk of... of something
unidentifiable near the wall. As you return to the twist, louder curses than
the first echo around you as the astronauts become irritated at your
inability to free them and contemplate resigning from the job of
Parliamentary mercenary.

> throw something
You take the... the something into your hand and throw it down the corridor.
Soon, as it continues through the gravity-forsaken corridor, it smashes into
the window of the blockade (lucky!). The astronauts are free to climb through
the empty frame, and soon join you at the twist.

> open comm
You mess about with the communicator a bit, but it's such a piece of crap
that nothing short of being hooked up to a radioactive power plant is going
to give this thing the reception you need to reach the Universal Parliament.

> ask chelsea about comm
Chelsea waves it away. "Don't ask me, I don't know anything about that stuff.
Ask Virgil, he's an engineer."

> bo fix comm
Bo just stands there, regarding you and your stupidity. You realize that he,
obviously not trained to do anything except be there, is not the one to solve
your problem.

> vir fix comm
You produce the communicator and ask Virgil to work his mojomagic engineering
powers and make it all groovy again so we can talk to the old farts at the
UP. He looks confused.

"He means fix the thing," says Chelsea.

"Ah," says Virgil, and slams his fist down onto the communicator. Within
seconds, he's talking to the Universal Parliament, requesting that a shuttle
be sent to the Belt. After he's done, he hands you the communicator, and you
spend several minutes wondering why everything works when he hits it, and
nothing works when you hit it. Or touch it, for that matter.

> break glass
Even if you could break ten-foot-thick synthetic plastic-glass, you'd die a
rather gory death once you were exposed to the vacuum of space. You're really
that stupid?

> smell paint
The air smells vaguely of surgical scrubs.

> x belt
Read the bloody room description. I'm not redescribing it because you're too
lazy to type an 'L'.

> x twist
This is what gives the Mobius Belt its name. The twist changes the belt in an
odd manner, so that the floor, open on top and bottom, has only one side.

> x planet
Far in the distance you can see the planet Serendipitous 6 gleaming with
reflected light of the white dwarf star Momo.

> x stars
Stars surround the tube of the Mobius Belt, and continue in all directions
infinitely. Of course, how can something be infinite? Can there be an
infinite number of stars in the universe? And, if so, can they really fill
the infinite universe, that also stretches oh no I've gone cross-eyed.

> x hole
You see nothing special about the hole.

> look

The Mobius Belt
You are at the twist in the Mobius Belt, surrounded by a glass tube that is
the outer shell of the structure. Beyond that, there's empty black space,
dotted with stars, and also a particularly bright light that you believe to
be Serendipitous 6. A strip of paint runs up the corridor, and appears to
come back and join to its other end. It covers both "top" and "bottom" of the
floor without ever really leaving the ground--you see, the Mobius Belt has
only one side. The aforementioned corridor runs north and south, but you'll
have to float if you're going anywhere, as there's no gravity.
Virgil is here.  Chelsea is here.  Bo is here.

> look

The Mobius Belt
You are at the twist in the Mobius Belt, surrounded by a glass tube that is
the outer shell of the structure. Beyond that, there's empty black space,
dotted with stars, and also a particularly bright light that you believe to
be Serendipitous 6. A strip of paint runs up the corridor, and appears to
come back and join to its other end. It covers both "top" and "bottom" of the
floor without ever really leaving the ground--you see, the Mobius Belt has
only one side. The aforementioned corridor runs north and south, but you'll
have to float if you're going anywhere, as there's no gravity.
Virgil is here.  Chelsea is here.  Bo is here.

> score
Your score is 2 out of a maximum of 3.  (66%)

> board ship
You ascend the ramp into the ship, and prepare to have a nice long nap
(again). "Sorry, folks," says the pilot, "but there's only room for three
passengers. One of you can't come with."

Virgil looks at you.

Chelsea looks at you.

You discreetly shove Bo down the boarding ramp and pull it shut.

The pilot shrugs and turns to the controls. You take the furthest back couch
and tip your hat over your eyes. As you sleep, you have a vision of yourself
running through open plains and grassy fields, up mountains and down canyons.

That little TV screen for the inside of your hat was a good investment.

Congratulations!
You scored 3 out of the maximum 3!
That is 100% of the game!
Well done - you scored maximum points!
