Loading game...

Murder Mansion

Introduction

Murder Mansion

Interactive Fiction
Copyright © 2005 by Reelyor (Roy Lee);
Version 1.0 / ADRIFT 4.00 Release 46 / Mystery's Default Library

Do you wish to review the credits, instructions and introduction (Y/N)?

> Y

  Welcome to The Murder Mansion, where you will attempt to solve the murder
of a victim that has occurred in one of 8 rooms in an old mansion. Each time
you begin a new game, the location of the murder, the weapon and the murderer
will be chosen at random by the author, for your sleuthing pleasure.

Now, would you like to:

1 - View the credits for the game;
2 - Review special commands and general instructions used in this game;
3 - Read the Introduction first and play the game;
4 - Continue on to the game?

> 1

  Credits

   This text adventure is loosely based on Clue, the board game by Hasbro
Corporation, the movie, and book series. The idea of a Glossary was offered
by Whatever. To the best of my knowledge, DavidW originated the concept of a
room as a title screen, along with creating the means of choosing several
options at the onset of the game.
   Everything else is my idea.
   Roy

(Please press any key)

   The Murder Mansion

Now, would you like to:

1 - View the credits for the game;
2 - Review special commands and general instructions used in this game;
3 - Read the Introduction first and play the game;
4 - Continue on to the game?

> 2

Special Commands and General Instructions
(All are disabled at present except "glossary")

  There are several special commands that can be entered at any time. They
are listed alphabetically as follows:
accuse - This command is used to make a formal accusation when you feel you
have deduced the required information: the Person who committed the murder,
the Weapon that was used to commit it, and the Place where the murder
occurred. To make the accusation, you must first summons all of the occupants
of the mansion to the Entry Hall by ringing the servants buzzer in the
kitchen, and then proceed to the Hall where you will make your accusation in
front of everyone.  (Disabled for this Intro)
COMMAND - this will call up this screen to allow you to review these
commands.
glossary - This will bring up a list of terms and information that may assist
you in understanding the crime and how to solve it. (Incomplete for this
Intro)

General Instructions
  Be sure to look or examine frequently, and to ask about certain things you
want to know and ask questions of the people you will encounter. Be aware
that some people will either try to avoid questioning or give you vague
answers. Be persistent.
  Also, use each of your senses to investigate those things you feel might
have a bearing on the case. Verbs such as touch or feel, smell, listen and
taste may provide an important clue.
  Above all, I hope you enjoy the game!

 Please press any key

   The Murder Mansion

Now, would you like to:

1 - View the credits for the game;
2 - Review special commands and general instructions used in this game;
3 - Read the Introduction first and play the game;
4 - Continue on to the game?

> 3
   And so it starts...

  The wind-swept cold rain lashes your face as you walk up the long
cobblestone pathway towards the front door of the Harrington Mansion on this
night of March 13th, 1938. On your approach to the front entrance, your eyes
carefully scan the well-manicured landscape, absorbing the hedge-lined walk
and occasional statuary. Turning your attention towards the huge shadowy
building ahead, you quickly notice that there are very few lights on inside
the dwelling, and what little illumination you do see at two of the bottom
floor windows seems to flicker behind the thin curtains. Gripping your hat
tenaciously in defiance against a gust of wind in the ungodly weather, you
step under the portico, grateful for a moment's respite from the rain. Your
hopes for a warm, quiet night at the Division Headquarters have been
shattered by the phone call you received some half hour ago that reported a
murder at this location.
   As you prepare to rap the door knocker, you reflect on the fact that the
anonymous female caller seemed calm and had only reported that someone had
died. No other information was obtained before the line went dead.
   Now, as Chief Inspector, it falls on your broad shoulders to investigate
the heinous crime, and bring justice to bear by naming the killer, the
location where the murder occurred, and by securing the weapon!

(Please press any key)

Front Stoop
   You huddle under the portico roof at the front door of the mansion as your
eyes become accustomed to the darkness. The wind howls around you as a cold
rain pelts your face with the semblance of a thousand tiny needles pricking
your exposed skin, and the meager illumination from the street lights some
hundred feet away flicker as tree branches dance in the gusty winds, casting
sporadic light into the shadows where you stand.
   Tall trellises devoid of any living vegetation rise at the each side of
the stoop, placed as a barrier to the tall, broad shrubbery that grows beyond
near the house. Above you, set into the ceiling of the portico, is an ornate
light that is not turned on at this time, and except for the faint and
erratic glow from the street you stand in darkness.
  A large mahogany door, inset into the portico framework of the house, looms
in front of you, with an ornate brass door knocker mounted to its face.

> look
   That will not reveal any necessary evidence for your investigation.

> examine door
   Your hand moves over the once smooth surface of the old door, revealing
only that it is rough and in need of refinishing. You look at your fingers
and observe that a dark brown stain is on each of the tips where you touched
the door. Filing this piece of information away in your mind, you wipe your
fingers with your clean handkerchief.

> examine knocker
   The metal of the knocker is quite heavy to your touch. You hear a tiny
squeak as you heft the ring. There is nothing else that arouses your
interest.

> examine trellis
   You reach out and touch the trellis, testing its firmness. The wet and
rotting wood reveals only that it is old.

> examine bush
  As you reach out and touch the small branches of the bush nearest where you
stand, you observe that one of the branches draws your attention in that it
has been completely stripped of its leaves. You remove a couple of the tiny
leaves and put them in your pocket.

> examine light
   It is too high above you to reach. Your sense of sight is all you can use
at the moment.

> examine keyhole
   That will not reveal any necessary evidence for your investigation.

> look street
   You gaze in the direction of the lit roadway and see the streetlamps
flicker as the wind-tossed tree branches momentarily block the light.

> look portico
   The portico is a raised concrete slab with an overhanging roof supported
by two large columns. A large door marks the entryway into the house.

> look rain
   The rain falls at a diagonal slant, blown sideways by the strong winds.
Puddles on the walkway are dimpled by the falling drops, forming miniature
fountains as each drop splashes the surface.

> bang knocker
   You bang the knocker on the door loudly and in a few seconds you hear a
metallic sound and a "thunk" as the bolt is thrown back. Almost immediately,
the large wooden door opens back, and a youngish woman in a maid's uniform
greets you somberly.
   "Hello, Sir. You must be from the Police. I'm Maid Marian, Sir Basil's
servant. Please come in and I'll fetch him," she says, stepping back.
   You enter the room, closing the door behind you. Turning around, you find
yourself in a large room.

(Please press any key)

Entry Hall
   You are standing on an imported antique red and gold persian rug that
covers the high-gloss wood floor of a large rectangular room that is
approximately 30 feet wide by 50 feet long. The visibility is difficult as
none of the electric lights are on - all of the illumination is derived from
several candles flickering on tables at various locations of the room.
  Along the east wall, rising to a landing above, is a dimly-lit marble
staircase and ornate railing. At the top there is a balcony which fades into
the darkness. Along the rose-colored walls are several doors that you assume
lead to adjoining rooms. Hung on the walls between the doors are several
large paintings of various scenes, as well as a lion's head, a bear's head,
an elk's head and a rhinocerous' head - trophies that lend an eerie
atmosphere to the dark of the room. On the floor, between each of the doors,
are plush red velvet upholstered settees and chairs and attendant small oak
tables at which you observe some people who are seated, looking at you.
   A tall, portly man in his sixties with a flushed face approaches you.
  "Ah, Inspector. Good of you to come on such a dreadful night. I am Sir
Basil Harrington, the owner of this abode. These are a few of my guests," he
says, turning and tossing his hand about.
  He turns back to you and continues, "I was having my annual birthday party,
and I invited some acquaintances to attend. (Some I don't know)," he
whispers, "(they came with others as guests.) Some of us were in the Dining
Room discussing the the appalling state of affairs in Europe when the power
suddenly went out. Blast this storm! We had no sooner lit some candles to
give us light when Marian suddenly came in to report that one of the guests,
Harriet Wilmark, was found dead in the elevator. The body is still there.
  "This is all such a dreadful mess! I wish you could investigate this matter
immediately, but I'm afraid this is as far as you can go right now......"

(Please press any key)

Thank you for trying my Intro to Murder Mansion

     Roy

> quit
Do you really want to quit? [Y/N]
