Loading game...

Attack of the Mutaydid Meat Monsters

*                *                *                *                *
Attack
of the
Mutaydid Meat
Monsters
*                *                *                *                *

By Duncan Bowsman.

For credits, type about and press enter.
For help with playing, type help and press enter.
For hints, type hint and press enter.

Please make sure your interpreter is in verbose mode.

[press almost any key to continue]

DAY 1:
harvest

[press almost any key to continue]

Cramden Residence, Outside
Before you stands an unimplemented two-story Tudor home belonging to you, old
man Ezekiel Cramden.  It could probably house an orphanage comfortably, but
serves only you.  That's just fine by you because you despise orphans-- the
poor, wretched things, always bothering you.

Plenty of time to murmur bitterly about that to yourself later, though.  For
now, better just take in the groceries-- you feel the deadly need of a corned
beef sandwich.  The unimplemented front door leads in.

> in
You move in.

Cramden Residence, Kitchen
Past the foyer and down the unimplemented hallway of fine parquet lies your
kitchen, the sundry elements of which will go unmentioned aside from the
large marbletop table.  It's the perfect place to set down the groceries...
perhaps put the corned beef on the table, make a sandwich, et cetera.  Yes,
you have a strong desire to do just that.

The unimplemented front door leads out.

> put the corned beef on the table
Just as the corned beef meats the surface of the table, some sort of ominous
noises erupt from outside... a series of wet, meaty slurpings of varied,
growling pitches and unknown portents...

"Must be one of those accursed orphans," you mutter scornfully.  You ought to
go check outside and give them a good yelling-at, maybe threaten a thrashing
or two and experiment with some new, vile epithets of no less than eight
syllables just for good measure.  Indeed, going out to give them what-for is
the only action you consider prudent at the moment.

> out
You move out.

Cramden Residence, Outside
Before you stands an unimplemented two-story Tudor home belonging to you, old
man Ezekiel Cramden.  It could probably house an orphanage comfortably, but
serves only you.  That's just fine by you because you despise orphans-- the
poor, wretched things, always bothering you.

Funny.  You felt so incredibly ready to belt it out at those devilish,
parentless monsters, yet you see no such thing.  You thought for certain you
heard something out here.  They must be gone... or else they want you to
think that they're gone, those compulsively impetuous hooligans!

Cautiously, you sniff at the air and catch a sinister whiff of... sausage.
Hmm... you must be getting hungry.  Best go back in and get on with that
sandwich.

> in
You move in.

Cramden Residence, Kitchen
Past the foyer and down the unimplemented hallway of fine parquet lies your
kitchen, the sundry elements of which will go unmentioned aside from the
large marbletop table.  But something is amiss!

The corned beef has gone from the table, leaving only a sinister trail of
grease.  The unimplemented front door leads out.

> x grease
A grotesque, piddling stream of bodily oiliness that could only come from the
careless dragging of still-moist meat...

You laboriously crane yourself downward, extending a solitary finger to
question the trail's existence with a touch when a great shadow looms up
behind you!

With a frightened yelp, you fall helplessly to the floor.  You spin your
nidering head just in time to scream at the sight of horror before it
descends upon you...

"Y-You're no orphan!  No, NO...!"

[press almost any key to continue]

DAY 2:
posthumous process

[press almost any key to continue]

Dawn arrives on beef tips cooked rare.  Last night you suffered the same
nightmare that has haunted you forever, only amplified since that meteor
shower when the moon hung full and bloody as a freshly slaughtered pepperoni.
 In the awful dream, man does not eat meat... meat eats man!  Planet Earth is
overrun with repulsive things... those... those meat monsters that give
grisly second lives to the progeny of the abatoir and eat everyone &
everything, turning our blue-green planet red.  Yet in that dream you do not
find yourself on planet Earth, but upon some loathsome meat planet... every
time, just before the moment you are devoured, you wake up screaming.

You know that dream belongs in such horrific form only to certain butchers.
Your grandfather used to say at old family barbeques that the dream absorbs
the sleeping thoughts of those catering to throngs packed like a
slaughterhouse that refuse to ponder their own victuals, but only consume,
and that at its root is a secret deemed hideous which some butchers may long
to forget-- that we are all meat.  Even the brain which begets our vaunted
capacity for thought is only so much spongy foodstuffs, no more than would
feed another man once.  You shudder, knowing as only you may that all
butchery hides under the shadow of anthropophagy.

You try to forget about it, as usual, recurl your mustache, as usual, and
head out to work.  Yet the dream persists in the background of your mind: an
absurd notion... a grinding fear... a premonition...

[press almost any key to continue]

Butcher Shop
You stand inside the local Meat-N-Eat butcher shop, which is yours.  Various
unimplemented hooks hang on the walls, awaiting meats for storage and
salting.  The block upon which you butcher carnivorous comestibles stands off
to one side.  The unimplemented front door leads south, while the
unimplemented back door leads out.

For several anxious hours have you awaited your new meat supply when finally
there come three ponderous knocks at the back door.  That must be it!  You
ought to go out to receive the package.

> out
You move out.

Outside the Butcher Shop
Unimplemented garbage cans and blown-by newspapers litter the crumbling,
corrupted alleyway.  Sporadic rustlings and shifting, half-hidden contours
haunt the pestilential darkness.  You really ought to find a better location
for your shop.  An unimplemented door leads in.  The alley opens onto to the
main road to the west.

In the murkiest depths of alley shadow lurks your meat deliveryman, The
Stranger.

"What took you so long?" you demand.  "I've been waiting almost all day for
this."

"Very sorry, Master," replies The Stranger.  He sweeps his black robes open
to reveal a parcel and holds it forth slowly.  "This meat is... special.
Much better.  Fresher."

Figuring nothing can be done about it and grateful only to have some product,
you take the parcel from your odd deliveryman with a nod.  "Well, uh... don't
let it happen again."

The Stranger slinks off, bowing and chanting, "Yes, Master, never again.
Never again, yes, Master..."

Well, his parents didn't name him The Stranger for nothin'.

> x package
A large, plain cardboard box.  Smeared with grease stains, it appears
slightly scuffed but otherwise fine.  The unmarked package is closed.

> open package
You open the unmarked package.  Some mystery meat is inside the unmarked
package.

> x mystery meat
An unidentifiable hunk of unprocessed dead animal stuff.  It looks misshapen
and swollen.  Assorted odd bits either cover or poke out from it, probably
the result of an experiment with some new growth hormone.

You can probably butcher the meat into some more edible form, perhaps even
more appealing, so long as the ineffable slab really is meat.

> in
You move in.

Butcher Shop
You stand inside the local Meat-N-Eat butcher shop, which is yours.  Various
unimplemented hooks hang on the walls, awaiting meats for storage and
salting.  The block upon which you butcher carnivorous comestibles stands off
to one side.  The unimplemented front door leads south, while the
unimplemented back door leads out.

> take mystery meat
You remove the mystery meat from the unmarked package.  It feels awfully
lumpy, like it has bones in places where they shouldn't be.

> put mystery meat on block
You put the mystery meat onto the table.

> butcher mystery meat
You slice a chunk off the mystery meat.  With skill, some patience, and a
couple well-placed thwacks, you craft the chunk of meat into a ham, which you
set aside.

There's still plenty of the mystery meat left, though.  You could probably
still get something out of it if you butchered it again.

> butcher mystery meat
You hack at some weird protrusions in the meat and for a moment get a little
carried away!  You calm yourself whispering oaths, then break long, hefty
shanks off the brisket.  Using fine edgework you reveal some drumsticks from
underneath a mess of leathery sinews and lay them aside.

Still some left.  One last shot ought to do it.

> butcher mystery meat
With a great, final heave of your cleaver you rend the last of the mystery
meat into two thin, inscrutable slices of corned beef...

That's it for today.  You wipe a single rivulet of sweat from your brow,
close up the shop, and head home.

Yet the dreams still torment you at night.  Meat gnaws mockingly upon your
helpless body in your dreams, stoking the hideous, forbidden, urgent thoughts
of meat as if that depraved destiny were now more imminent than ever
before...

[press almost any key to continue]

DAY 3:
hideous revelations

[press almost any key to continue]

When you return to your shop the following morning...

Butcher Shop
This is your shop, the Meat-N-Eat, but something is wrong.  Almost all of
your products have disappeared!  All the meatloaf is missing, the pastrami is
absent, and the sausages are gone.  A bit of grease drips off the table's
edge and leads out the back door...

> butcher mystery meat
You can't see the mystery meat.

> butcher mystery meat
You can't see the mystery meat.

> butcher mystery meat
You can't see the mystery meat.

> x grease
A grotesque, piddling stream of bodily oiliness that could only come from the
careless dragging of still-moist meat...

> out
You move out.

Outside the Butcher Shop
Unimplemented garbage cans and blown-by newspapers litter the crumbling,
corrupted alleyway.  Sporadic rustlings and shifting, half-hidden contours
haunt the pestilential darkness.  You really ought to find a better location
for your shop.  An unimplemented door leads in.  The alley opens onto to the
main road to the west.

Huddled in a neglected corner of the alley, the mystery meat pulses and
quavers strangely, seeming to breathe... squirm... and grow!

Odd cuts of flesh and pulped organs surrounding the mystery meat pulsate and
fixate their eyeless gazes upon you!

> attack mystery meat with cleaver
With frantic, wide swings you cleave a ham from off the mystery meat, but it
continues to move!

Cold cuts and ground stomach stuffs congeal onto the surface of the growling
mystery meat!

> attack mystery meat with cleaver
Your fear gives way to a newfound fervor.  With a yell you hack, hack, hack
away at the unnameable abomination of flesh.  In your fury you rip some
drumsticks off and throw them away from the mystery meat, but it continues to
move!

With a guttural roar, the mystery meat rises to its full height.

...better act fast!

> attack mystery meat with cleaver
Fury unfettered, you forcibly flay the final fleshliness from the foul meat
freak.  Unimplemented blood splatters upon your face and your apron.  You
compose yourself with ragged breaths until your jaw relaxes from its taut
gritting.

After a moment or two, a map flutters by on a dull breeze.  You pick it up
without adding it to your inventory.  You can use it to leave this area and
track down The Stranger.  You've some questions for him, largely regarding
meat... indeed, you might want to ask The Stranger about meat.

> score
Your score is 600 out of a maximum of 1300.  (46%)

> w
You move west.

MAP

   ( N ^  )
a map of Northeastern Peppero:
        all you need to know!

                                  shop
                                 |
                                 |
                                 |
shack---------------                ----------Cramden
                                /
                             /
                            /
        meteor hill

North: Meat-N-Eat
West: The Stranger's Shack
East: Cramden Residence
South: Meteor Hill

> s
You move south.

Meteor Hill
A meteor burrowed a steaming crater atop the hill, flattening it into a
plateau.  Or should you call it a... meateor?

> clrtybrtysmwichsalami
You say the word once.  When nothing happens, you repeat it.  And then again.
 And again, until it has no meaning but sound...

[press almost any key to continue]

A reverie steals over you as you chant the word.  Your head feels an uncanny
lightness, followed by the rest of your body.  Your vision tunnels and then
explodes into the blinding light of suprahyperbolic space.  Everything spins
too fast-- no you never the dream they slaughtered the things! braincase
closing in meat meat meat meat zucchini heart butterfly!

DAY X:
mortality mutaydid

[press almost any key to continue]

Planet Mutaydid
No doubt this is the scene of your nightmare.  A landscape of raw meat
pulsates beneath your feet, sticky and soupy with blood.  Unimplemented
obelisks of ground beef and turkey skewer the reddish sky, dwarfing you.
Deli meats that should never join adhere together in towering, wicked rings,
blood pudding forms whole lakes beyond plateaus of pulverized pork.  The
growl of freshly slaughtered creatures pervades the place like lasting echoes
of thunder.  It is unbearably hot.
Harbinger of carnivorous oblivion, the Mother Meat looms before you on
misshapen legs of chicken parts and uncut calamari!  It stares emptily,
hungrily into the deepest hidden parts of your mind, reminding you that your
body, too, is nothing but wholly edible.

The creature from your nightmare wraps its beefy arms around you, and pulls
you toward it for a bite!  You fight to resist... but how long can you hold
your ground against nerve shattering terror?

> eat meat
Dazed by fear & anger, a primalistic defense instinct overcomes you.  You
surrender your two month run at vegetarianism and clamp your teeth upon the
murderous meat monster like a madman, ripping and chewing at bits of it,
spitting them out.

It screams in torment, somehow stunned to incapacitation by its own meaty
edibility!  No-one should be able to eat so much meat, but once you break
your oath to fruits & vegetables a terrible want for it takes over and you
devour every last bit beyond what the fullness of your stomach should allow.

When the Mother Meat is no more, Planet Mutaydid disintegrates.  You find
yourself laying-- stomach somehow empty, but mouth corners stained with meat
juices-- next to an empty crater on Meteor Hill.

You feel ready for a barbeque.

You scored 1300 out of the maximum 1300!
That is 100% of the game!
Well done - you scored maximum points!
