Loading game...

Newbie
This game is written to provide newbies with an idea what is really bad in a
game. It is also written for good game creators who face the stressful lark
every day where a new game comes on and you find it is rubbish Like what is
this gam. Enjoy it.

Studie
This room is small. You can go up the stairs to the other room or west to the
smaller room. There is a desk here on the floor too. It is important so i
thought i would tell you.  Also here is a pint of milk milk and a large gun
that cannot be moved or used because it is rubbish.  Joe Bloggs is here.  You
can only move west.

> press button
The button presses and at first you can hear nothing but then there is a
badly described cracking noise from another room as a secret exit is
revealed.

> west
You move west.

Cubbord
You are in the cubboard. It is dark but you can see that there is a shelf.
there is a hole in the wall and you can go west.  You can only move east.

> west
You go throo the wall that has a hole and then you find lots of other rooms
that have tasks that are very much the same and boring. You start to wish you
had never started this stupid game. Taking a knife out of your pocket that
you hadn't realised was there before and wish you had killed Joe with it, you
quickly thrust it into your chest. A huge gory explanation of the bleeding
happens when everything else had absolutely no description. As you realise
that your death is taking a long time you decide that you should take a nap
or something equally stupid while you wait.

 Waking up again you are still not dead. You return to the study and
eventually die of boredom.

By the way, Joe, traumatised by the accident never speaks again. He goes to a
circus and something happens that is described badly and everything happens
at once... THE END  Hope you enjoyed this gam. I will be makeing a seekwel
called the Studie in it's entirity. It will be about a studie and a man
called bob. You will have to escape through a secret cubboord and.....

So now you understand? This is the problem with games written by "Newbies"
The bloody sequels! Well perhaps not. I mean, a game about a study and a
cupboard? A man called Bob? Sounds great.
You scored 0 out of the maximum 0!
That is 100% of the game!
Well done - you scored maximum points!

[Press any key to end]
