Loading game...

Night and Day
Your answering machine's prolonged beep fades away as it begins to record
your incoming call.   It's 8 P.M. and you were expecting to spend a quiet
night in.  You stretch on the sofa and listen to see who is trying to intrude
on your relaxing evening.

"Hello?" You hear lounge music playing in the background.  "Are you there?  I
know you're there.  Please pick up.  I've gotten myself into a bit of a jam.
I need a ride.  Please, Hil!  This is the last favor I'll ever ask.  Just
pick up, okay?"

Forcing yourself to sit up, you grab the phone.  "Alright.  Where are you,
Guy?  What is it this time?"

"I can't tell you how good it is to hear your voice.  I'm at North Park
Street.  The Red Cantina.  Don't have time to explain anything else.  Just
come and get me, okay?"

"Ugh!"  Sounds like the seedy side of town.  "You couldn't call a taxi?"

"Don't have the fare.  Are you coming, Hil?" Guy asks anxiously.

You grab your car keys and start slipping into your coat.  "I'm heading out
now."

"Good," Guy replies with relief.  "And hurry it up, will you? I'll be waiting
outside."  Click!  The dial tone buzzes in your ear.

You hang up too, feeling unsettled.  There was no mistaking the urgency in
his voice.  Why didn't he explain it?  You hurry out the door.

Press a key

The Sidewalk, Outside the Red Cantina
The long sidewalk stretches from east to west.  The restaurant entrance is
directly to the north.

This is a demo for a notebook that takes input from the player.  It is
unpassworded.    Any suggestions on improving this notebook are greatly
appreciated.  Oh, yes, you are holding a notebook.:)

> look

The Sidewalk, Outside the Red Cantina
The long sidewalk stretches from east to west.  The restaurant entrance is
directly to the north.

This is a demo for a notebook that takes input from the player.  It is
unpassworded.    Any suggestions on improving this notebook are greatly
appreciated.  Oh, yes, you are holding a notebook.:)

> quit
Do you really want to quit? [Y/N]
