Loading game...

Oh, Human
by Abbi Park

Darkness
The walls are barely visible, but you seem to be in a small, square room.

> go through hole
As you begin to reach toward the hole, you hear a rushing sound and are
propelled straight through the hole to whatever is on the other side.  You
also hear clunking noises, as if large objects were being moved around.  The
hole closes behind you, and the rushing sound stops.  When you look back,
there is no evidence of the hole you came from.

A crisp, clear female voice announces, "Good job.  That is worth ten points."

> drop device
You set the device down on the floor.  The light follows it, staying a few
feet away from it.  You feel better now.

> get light
Carefully, so as to not hurt your hand, you reach out and grab the circular
light, placing your thumb and fingers on each side and avoiding touching the
edge with your palm.  It takes a lot of effort to break the bond between the
light and the device, but after a while of struggling, you finally manage to
pull it free, and the light no longer responds to the device's call.

> push crate
You try to push the crate away from its spot on the wall, revealing... oh,
hey, there's a hole behind where the crate was.  How completely unexpected.
Just as you are thinking this, you must have gotten too close to the hole,
because the now-familiar noises start up, and you're sucked through the the
hole to the other side.

The voice announces, "Great job.  That is worth 20 points."

> stand on box
You stand on the box.

> go through hole
As you reach toward the hole, you hear the same noises you heard last time,
and are once again propelled through to the other side with no evidence of
the hole behind you when you arrive.

The voice announces, "Nice job.  That is worth 30 points."

For a few seconds there, you thought you heard muted voices, but now there is
only silence.

> use light to cut walls
Your feet and fists aren't enough to break the wall, but you've got a tool.
You scrape and cut the wall and beat against it until...  You break it, and
go through the hole to a new room.  You look back, and somehow that hole you
made has already closed behind you.

The Hall
It looks to be a long hallway with no features other than a door on one end
and three people on the other.

> go door
You march over to the door, grasp the handle, and push the door open, pausing
for a second out of curiousity to see if anyone will try to stop you.  No one
does.  You shrug, relieved, and step out the door, then close it behind you
and take a deep breath of fresh air.

You are free.

The End
Congratulations!  You beat the game!

> score
Your score is 60 out of a maximum of 200.  (30%)

> quit
Do you really want to quit? [Y/N]
