Loading game...

Outline
an ADRIFT IntroComp entry by Robert Rafgon

A normal day of rewarding police work, sitting around on the side of the road
doing nothing, was unfortunately broken up when you were ordered to
investigate a suicide. It is just your bad luck, as you were hoping to get
home early. At least it was a spectacular suicide with the chairman Michael
Fleming of a large company called Mastocorp, jumping from the window of his
office.

If the office had been on the first floor, there would have been no need for
an investigation, but the fact that it was near the top of the tower block
meant that it was not a pretty sight. Luckily by the time you reached the
scene, there was only a chalk outline left outside. You have been given a key
that Michael Fleming was carrying, and you have been asked to provide a quick
check of the crime scene. You just need to verify the details in his office
and hopefully you can get away soon. You had better do a thorough job though,
as your commanding officer was threatening to fire you after your last lazily
performed investigation allowed the criminal to escape.

Please type info for more information about the game.

Michael Fleming's office
The crime scene is an ordinary looking office. The broken window supports the
evidence that someone jumped out, and the locked door at the time of the
crime means that it was likely suicide. With all this evidence, you do not
think that the investigation will last long. Hopefully you can get out of
here soon. The only furniture in this room is a desk and a bookcase.   If you
want, you can go back down and abandon the investigation.

> examine desk
This desk has been cleared of all papers, which presumably have been filed in
the desk's drawer. There isn't even a suicide note. Some people are very
inconsiderate. You guess that Michael Fleming was a tidy person, as you know
that if you committed suicide, you would not bother to tidy up before you
jumped.  A ruler and a mug are on the desk.

> take ruler
You take the ruler from the desk.

> take mug
You take the mug from the desk.

> push bookcase
When you push the bookcase a hidden passageway to the north is revealed.
Unfortunately that does look a bit suspicious so you probably should
investigate. You wonder why did you have to push that bookcase? Your
intuition is annoyingly good at times, preventing you from getting out of
here and having fun.

> north
You move north.

The lost passage
A door to the north bars your way through this downward sloping passage.
Inside it is gloomy and you wonder why it even exists in an otherwise
ordinary office building. There is a pipe sticking out of one wall, and a
loose floorboard. You can return to the south.

You can also see a hairpin jammed between two floorboards.

> lever board with ruler
You lever up the board slightly and find that it is filthy underneath. You
think that you can identify a pair of tweezers down there.

> take tweezers
You take the pair of tweezers.

> put ruler in pipe
When you put the ruler inside you can feel a blockage, which you push aside
to allow a trickle of water to begin flowing out. You should probably call a
plumber after you are finished.

You wait and wait until the mug is quarter filled by the trickle of water. It
stops dripping soon after.

> wash tweezers
You wash the tweezers in the water until they are clean.

> take hairpin
You pull out the hairpin with the tweezers.

> open door
You pick the lock with the hairpin and open the door.

> north
You move north.

James McDonald's office
This is another standard office, which according to the name on the door is
normally occupied by the Vice-Chairman James McDonald. You suppose it is
suspicious that he had access to the locked office where the Chairman
committed suicide. Maybe the Chairman was pushed instead. In this office is a
desk, with a bin sitting next to it. There is also a very secure-looking safe
on the wall. You can head back south or out.

> search bin
You look through the bin and find a safe combination on a piece of paper.
Obviously the Vice-Chairman has never heard of a shredder, or he really is
lazy like you.

> open safe
You open the safe.  An outline is inside the safe.

> take outline
You take the outline from the safe.

> x outline
It is an outline of some kind of plot, maybe to take over the world! You
don't know, although that is probably unlikely. Unfortunately the page is
ripped, leaving only the top two lines:
* Get rid of Michael Fleming
* Buy into Victicorp

This is a genuine clue, although you can still think of a few questions.
Is James McDonald really that careless, or has he been set up?
If he is guilty, what is his motive?
Why was there a lost passage in this building in the first place?
Didn't they have a better designer for the building?
Is there more to the outline or is that it?
Is the outline's writer just leaving cryptic clues to trap a talented or
not-so-talented detective?
What is Victicorp?
Why does it feel like that you are playing someone else's game?
Why are there so many questions?
Can someone else answer them?

Unfortunately, you know that the answer to the last question is no, or you
will be fired. It is a pity that you continue to overachieve through the
drive that pushes you on. All you ever wanted was a nice, lazy desk job, but
for now you had better get on with the task at hand.

You scored 5 out of the maximum 5!
That is 100% of the game!
Well done - you scored maximum points!
