Loading game...

Outside
You are Zene, a 23 year old guy, who had a life before all this happened...

ROSE  -  What are you doing, Alex?
ALEX    -  I'm doing what I should have done months ago.
ROSE  -  Alex....

You awake screaming from the same dream that you've had for the past few
months. You see the murder as clear as day, and have a clear image of the
offender in your head. Assuming it means something. Being on death row
though, it is hard to do anything about it. You go over, again and again in
your mind, how you came to be here, framed for a murder you didn't commit, by
people you don't even know.

You realise time is running out for you. There is only one way to save your
life now. You need to clear your name. Before you have time to think, there
is a loud banging on the door of your cell, it's time to get up.

> stand on the toilet
You stand on the toilet.

> look out the window
You can see Dalto far into the distance, you can't help but think about Sara.
Just then, you are distracted by something glinting on the windowsill.

> get small key
You take the small key from the window sill.

> get off toilet
You get off the toilet.

> unlock chest
You unlock the chest.

> open chest
You open the chest.

> get spade
You take the spade from the chest, there is only one thing this could have
been used for, and moving Joes bed confirms your suspicion. How he did this
with no-one noticing is a mystery. The path to the tunnel is now open.

> goto tunnel
Moving to the tunnel...

> East
You move east.

The Tunnel
Joe built this tunnel to lead straight to the entrance of the prison, how he
managed it is anyones guess. He gets credit for it though, it is supebly
construted, with wooden supports. It makes it even more baffling how he did
it!  First prison guard and Second prison guard are here.  Joe hits the
second guard.  The first guard hits you.  The second guard hits Joe.
Arrived the tunnel.

> attack first guard
You hit the first guard with the shovel.  The first prison guard drops to the
floor. YOU MOVE UP A LEVEL. Max HP/Attack/Defence go up 20pts.  Joe hits the
second guard.  The second prison guard falls.

> get first guards uniform
You pick up the first guards uniform.

> wear first guards uniform
You put on the first guards uniform.

> goto entrance
You arrive at the prison entrance.

Prison Entrance
The rception desk is to one side of the area, and guards are about
everywhere.  Third prison guard is here.

You make for the gates to freedom, when the receptionist calls you back, 'can
you clock out please?' She asks. You are not sure what to do, which arouses
suspicions, and another guard recognizes you, and attacks you.  Joe hits the
third guard.  The third guard hits you.

> attack third guard
You hit the third guard with the shovel.  The third prison guard dies in
front of you. YOU MOVE TO LEVEL 3. HP/Attack/Defence go up 30pts.  The
receptionist set off the alarm, and you see guards heading toward you. The
only safe stategy would be to run for the prison entrance.

> run
You run out of the prison grounds, you are now involved in a man hunt.

> catch the train
You hop on the train, and it takes you to the outskirts of Dalto. You wander
in to the town square.

Town Square (Dalto)
There is a large fountain in the middle of the square, and it has a mermaid
spitting water. There are many buildings around.

Your House
Saras house
A house
Inn
Item shop
Old mans house

There is a small boy and girl playing with each other.

> knock on saras door
You knock on the door, and see the curtains twich in the window. There is
some commotion inside so you burst in.
SARA : Zene! What are you doing here?!
ZENE : Are you ok? I heard some banging.
SARA : Nothings up...how did you get out?

> say you escaped
SARA : YOU ESCAPED?!
ZENE : Thats about the size of it, I need to clear my name.
SARA : Escaping just makes you look even more guilty.
ZENE : I know, but I intend to prove my innocence while I'm out...

You begin to tell Sara about the dream you've been having, It may not have
anything to do with anything, but it sure does freak you out.

Saras House (Dalto)
A large cupboard stands in the corner of this one room building. It is
spotless.  Joe and Sara are here.

> open cupboard doors
You fling open the doors to the cupboard, to reveal what must've been the
cause of all the fuss you heard from outside. A half naked man runs from the
cupboard, and straight out into the street.'I didn't know you were coming...'
Sara says. 'Perhaps you should leave'

> get the set of keys
You take a set of keys from the cupboard.

> leave
You leave Saras house, and look around the square, but the man has vanished
already. It looks like the very end for you and Sara, you think, as you shed
a small tear.

> goto your house
Moving to your house (dalto)...

> NorthEast
You walk in to your house. Its exactly how you left it, all those months ago.
Arrived your house (dalto).

> move the bookshelf
You push the bookshelf out of the way to reveal a small hole in the wall, its
big enough for you to fit through. The path to the road is now open.

> goto the road
Moving to the road...

> North
You move north.

The Road
Leads from Dalto to Winica. And back again. The two towns have been rivals
for centuries, over what started as a petty quarrel. The only person in Dalto
that knows about this route is you, you had no choice but to construct it
when King Alfred III cut off Dalto from Winica completely. You can see some
buildings

Police station
Weapon shop
Wise mans house
The bus depot

  A huge monster appears from nowhere, you could fight it, but there is just
enough time to escape.  A huge monster is here.  Joe hits the scary looking
monster.  The scary looking monster hits Joe.
Arrived the road.

> escape
You run away from the monster, and end up in the police station in Winica.
Joe hits the scary looking monster.  The scary looking monster hits Joe.  One
of the best friends you ever had got killed in the battle, you will have to
go it alone from now.

> goto the bus depot
Moving to the bus depot (winica)...

> NorthWest
You move northwest.

The Bus Depot (Winica)
The bus depot is empty,  missing even a bus. It will surely arrive soon.  The
conductor is here.  An old looking man is sitting on a bench.
Arrived the bus depot (winica).

> 1258
'CORRECT! Now heres question 2, what is the name of the president of Phureo?'

> Arthur Dearling
'RIGHT AGAIN! Question 3 is, what age was Arthur when he took control of the
country?'

> 39
'YES! Only one question left to answer, which Dalton man famously was
convicted of the murder of Rose Fertly?

> Zene
'Ok, you can pass through to Phureo. You will have to wait for the bus to
arrive.

> wait
Time passes...

> wait
Time passes...

> wait
Time passes...

> wait
Time passes...  The Bus drives into the station.

> catch the bus
You hop on the bus, and it takes you to Phureo.

Town Square (Dalto)
There is a large fountain in the middle of the square, and it has a mermaid
spitting water. There are many buildings around.

Your House
Saras house
A house
Inn
Item shop
Old mans house

There is a small boy and girl playing with each other.

> unlock the doors of Alexes house
You unlock the door to Alexes house with the keys you found in Saras.
Suddenly it all clicks into place.

> goto alexes house
The door to Alexes house is locked.

> goto roses house
Moving to roses house (phureo)...

> NorthWest
You move northwest.

Roses House (Phureo)
The whole place is covered in dust, in some places it is inches thick.  Alex
is here.
Arrived roses house (phureo).

> blow away the dust
You open the windows to let a breeze through, and start to blow some of the
thick dust away, you can see a table in the corner.

> get book
You take a diary from the table.

> read diary
Thursday 24th:
I'm not sure whats happened to Alex, he is acting really weird lately. but he
does make me laugh, he told me today that he wrote the secret code for his
back room down, behind a painting of a deer on his wall!

Friday 25th:
Alex went mad at me today, I asked him if he was having an affair and he went
quiet, then he started yelling at me.

Saturday 26th:
I'm really scared of what Alex might do, He just found out what I did and
he's dissapeared, I hope we can work this out.

...

There is no more. What did she do? The rest of the pages are missing.

> se
You have 30 turns before you will be recaptured.

> se
You have already done that.

> goto phureo
You have already done that.

> quit
Do you really want to quit? [Y/N]
