Loading game...

Over the Edge

Over the Edge

A game submitted for the Hourglass competition.
6th August 2006

You knew as soon as you saw the advert. It was your duty. You didn't tell
anyone, you just went. You were surprised how quick it all was. Sign here,
shake here, forty-eight hours later and you're in France.

That was five months ago.

It isn't what you were expected. It's different to the poem. Maybe glory and
heroism is about mud and inches and death. But it isn't what you expected.

You are Billy Saffman. You lied about your age when you signed up. You're
fifteen years old.

> look

You open your eyes.

Trench
The early morning light is as grey and cold as the Trench itself. Mist clings
to everything. The mud that surrounds you has turned to slush and your feet
are soaked where your boots leak. Eight feet high and half that wide, the
trench is long, narrow and continues to the east. Behind you, through a
dirty-green canopy, lie the beds. The men mill around you, leaning on their
rifles, talking in quiet whispers.

The Captain rests his hand gently on your shoulder. 'Not long now Billy.'

> x men
The men mill around, leaning on their rifles, talking in low voices. They are
all here - Jones, Simpson, Johnson, Winstanley, Phillips, Howarth, Smith, and
others that you do not recognise. Sometimes you wonder how they fit them all
in.

The Captain rests his hand gently on your shoulder. 'Not long now Billy.'

> e
You move east.

End of the Trench
The trench walls have collapsed, mud sinking into mud, cutting off the rest
of the trench to the east. A pale arm protrudes from the trench wall.

> x arm
An arm sticks out from the trench wall, pale with green sleeves.

> pull arm
You pull hard on the arm. At first it does not move, but then it gradually
gives way. A body topples out of the wall in front of you, knocking you to
the floor.

The Captain rushes over to the body, pulling it off of you. 'What have you
done?' he cries, eyes wild, as he desperately tries to push the body back
into the trench wall.

> w
You move west.

Trench
The early morning light is as grey and cold as the Trench itself. Mist clings
to everything. The mud that surrounds you has turned to slush and your feet
are soaked where your boots leak. Eight feet high and half that wide, the
trench is long, narrow and continues to the east. Behind you, through a
dirty-green canopy, lie the beds. The men mill around you, leaning on their
rifles, talking in quiet whispers.

At the far end of the trench, the Captain scrabbles wildly in the dirt.

> in
You duck through the dark tent folds and into the blackness of your living
quarters.

Quarters
It's dark, too dark to really see. Occasionally the red light of a flare or
shell sneaks through the thin canopy covering and you make out shapes and
shadows. Men sleep in cots all around you, surrounded by their trunks and
possessions. Your own bed is directly in front of you, and the only exit is
back out through the flap of material.

> x shapes
A shell flares red light into the room, and for a second you catch a glimpse
of the largest shape in silhouette. It is the Captain.

> x captain
The Captain moves about the room, checking on his men. He leans down low over
the beds, one by one. Something glints in one of his hands.

> x something
A darker shape rests in the Captain's dark hand. It glints whenever it
catches the light. The Captain lowers it every time he bends over one of his
sleeping men.

In his other hand the Captain carries a pillow.

> x pillow
Everytime the Captain leans above a cot, he moves the pillow in his right
hand over the glinting something in his left.

You hear a soft 'thud'.

> x cots
Each of the men lies on his bed, not moving. You don't look too closely but
you think they are sleeping, or . . . yes. They are sleeping.

You hear a soft 'thud'.

> x your bed
Someone is sleeping in your bed. They don't move, they hardly breathe, and
their eyes are clenched tightly shut.

A photograph lies on your bed.

> x your bed
You creep closer towards your cot and look down.

Billy Saffman lies in the bed, fifteen years old. His eyes are tightly shut.

> open your eyes
You open your eyes.

Quarters
It's dark, but you can make out enough to see in the gloom. Bodies lie in
cots all around you, surrounded by their trunks and possessions. Your own bed
is directly in front of you, and the only exit is back out through the flap
of material.

A pillow rests against one wall.

> z
Time passes...

> z
Time passes...

> z
Time passes...
You hear a voice calling your name, a voice you only half-recognise.

> z
Time passes...

> z
Time passes...
The gloom lightens. Suddenly, to the east you can make out a light, a warm
glow of some kind.

> e
You turn towards the east, towards the light, but the Captain rises behind
you.

'Billy,' he calls, his voice tired and ragged, 'I'm, I'm sorry Billy. I had
to, you see, don't you? I had to, I couldn't. . .' the voice tails off. The
Captain holds his revolver low in one hand.

Slowly, Captain Harrison raises his gun until it is level with you. 'You
can't leave Billy, we're all in this together. Aren't we men?' he adds
loudly, encouragingly. No-one answers him.

> e
You walk to the east.

No!' calls the Captain, 'Billy, you can't-' but you ignore him.

You feel the warmth run over you.

There is one final, loud 'thud' behind you, and then there is nothing.

You look up, into the face of a young man with horn-rimmed glasses, a
clipboard and a pen. He shines a small light in your eyes.

'Billy Saffman?' has asks, but you don't answer. 'You can hear me, can't you
Billy?'

You look around the plain, pale surgery. At the other patients, the men who
stare without seeing. You blink.

'You're in hospital Billy. You went over the edge, shell-shock we call it,
but you're back now, aren't you Billy?' The doctor smiles, and somewhere,
somehow, you find a smile to answer it. You're back.

> look

the End

Submitted for the Hourglass competition.
6th August 2006
Over the Edge
By Ren

- Restart, Restore or Quit?

> quit
Do you really want to quit? [Y/N]
