Loading game...

Introduction
Point 2 Point

Type 'hint' on first play

The stiff wind brings a chill to the back of my neck and I feel as if being
that little bit higher off the ground has made me more exposed. In actuality,
I'm only about six feet off the ground, on 16 hands of fit muscle covered
with a cherry veneer-coloured hide. The pounding of the gigantic heart
between my knees causes my own to feel like the mere fluttering of a
small-winged bird, and I take a few deep breaths to try to slow it down;
measure it to the pace of the beast who is, after all, about to do all the
real hard work.

I feel like I'm in a veritable sea of brightly coloured shirts topped with
lollipop heads in gaily fabric-ed helmets - from my vantage point the horses
that carry these peacocks are barely visible but for the occasional shined-up
flank or tossing head. It's the first point-to-point of the season, and the
tension and excitment seems to shiver in waves through the tightly packed
group of the ten of us particularly crazy, death-seeking human beings, and
equally crazy, action-seeking mounts.

There is an annoying jockey sitting square in front of me on a particularly
calm grey who is impeding my view of the field ahead. I know from experience
that the first fence will only become known to me when that horse suddenly
springs in to the air, seconds before my horse must do the same.

I tighten my grip on the flat leather reins with both fists as I sense the
impending signal. My instinct is spot on, as just then the shot rings out,
the mass of muscle before me bunches and whips forward, and my ears are full
of the rumble of hoofbeats.

> jump
I brace my feet forward in the irons, rise up slightly more in the leathers,
and Saint Venantius clears the pine shrubs with an eerily quiet pause, like a
breath drawn in and held, before galumphing back down on the other side and
gathering all our combined weight forward with impossible strength and
balance on his sleek bony forelegs.

> talk to george
'George you tiny bastard - pull up!' I screech, raising my crop to punctuate
my desperation.

Unfortunately, his horse interprets my leather weapon as an attack on his
head and shies violently to the side, unseating George the Elder in that
particularly nasty part of the race where everyone is still all bunched up
and jostling for thier favorite position.

But my way is now clear and I yank on the right rein so the Saint doesn't end
up heels over my head in the stream.

> jump
I approach the logs cautiously. While they are not a big deal in and of
themselves, I want to make sure Saint Venantius is back off his front for
that Irish Bank coming up two strides later.

The Saint pops over the logs and splashes down at the edge of the pond. The
grey stopped at the Bank and his rider is taking him round the long way, over
a smaller single-jump bank off to the side. That delay will cost him several
seconds, and would give me a chance to catch up.

Tom's bay baulks at the Irish Bank as well, and I can see that he won't be
able to get out of the way in time for me to jump it at my current pace.

> turn right
I pull back on one rein and turn Saint Venantius in a tight circle. This
keeps his momentum up, but allows me to give Tom a few minutes to get out of
my way. He heads for the longer way around, and I let the Saint attack the
Irish bank.

It's a wide, flat-topped earthen mound, covered with grass. The horses have
to jump onto the bank, and then push off the top with thier hind legs for a
steep jump down to the other side. The Saint completes this perfectly, with a
little help from me in the way of encouraging noises and an easy hand on the
reins.

We crash through the rest of the pond and out the other side, and I finally
notice that the view between the coppery pricked ears is empty and clear of
front runners - I'm in the lead with only 2 miles to go.

Of course, my narrative of this particular race has to stop here (for now).

You scored 30 out of the maximum 30!
That is 100% of the game!
Well done - you scored maximum points!
