Loading game...

...

...press a key...

Introduction...

It was time for your rousing speech: "listen up, fellers, and listen good.
We've got a job to do and we're gonna do it. We're gonna be slick, we're
gonna be professional and, best of all, we're gonna get paid!"

Your workmen nod at this last part. They understand money.

"So..." You draw the word out then look at each one of them in turn. Believe
me, it isn't a pretty sight. "They'll be no chatting up eligible females on
the job [to Stan]; no falling to sleep [to Rob]; no thieving from the house
we're doin' up [to Ted]; and - most important of all - no using the floor as
a convenient toilet because it's closer than the proper toilet [this to
everyone - yourself included, you're ashamed to admit]."

Your workman nod in agreement. Or maybe they just nod. It's difficult to tell
sometimes.

"Right then." You pick up your paint brush and put your Boss cap on. "Let's
get to work."
...press a key...

The job seemed like a relatively simple one. Which was fortunate because your
crew was relatively simple.
   "This is the office," Mr Ostinolypakalopodopous explained, "and I want it
painting."
   "Painting." A nod. "I got that."
   "And I want a good job doing of it," said Mr Ostinolypakalopodopous.
   "Good job." Another nod. "Got that, too."
   "And I don't want any mistakes," said Mr Ostinolypakalopodopous.
   "No mis-" I nearly choked but managed to put it down to a sudden case of
indigestion. "Er, no mistakes at all, Mr Ostiny- Otski-, er Sir."
   Mr Ostinolypakalopodopous gave you a stern look then bid you farewell. You
didn't notice. You were too busy praying.
...press a key...

But the office doesn't look too bad. After all, it's just one room and all
you have to do is paint it. Simple stuff. Grab the brush, stick it in the
paint, slop it on the walls. Even your crew shouldn't have any problems with
it.
   Someone with half a brain could get this right, you remembered thinking at
one point. After that you started to get worried.
...press a key...

Welcome to version 2 of Paint!!!. A walkthrough for the game can be accessed
with the "let me cheat" command. "Notes" lists the changes between the two
versions.
...press a key...

Office
The office that Mr Ostinolypakalopodopous has hired you to paint is a fairly
small affair: just four walls, a floor and a ceiling. A door in the north
wall leads to the reception area (from which direction a radio can be heard
playing) whereas the room's only window takes up a nice portion of southern
wall (nice because you won't have to paint it). A large desk occupies the
middle of the office and is pretty much all the room has in the way of
decoration aside from a filing cabinet in the corner and a large potted
plant.   Ted is standing by the desk, looking bored. Stan lurks in a corner
of the office, trying to attract the attention of the pretty receptionist you
all passed on the way in. Rob looks tired.

> talk to ted
"What's up, boss?" asks Ted.

   1: "Get to work, Ted. On the double!"
   2: "Nothing right now."

> 1
Ted sighs but picks up his paint brush and starts on one of the walls.

> talk to rob
Rubbing the sleep from his bleary eyes, Rob ssays, "yeah?"

   1: "Stop looking so tired, Rob. We've got work to do."
   2: "Nothing right now."

> 1
Rob nods in a tired sort of way and starts to work.

> talk to stan
"Yep?" asks Stan.

   1: "We've work to do, Stan."
   2: "Nothing right now."

> 1
"On the double, boss," says Stan with the kind of enthusiasm that might fool
you into thinking he actually means to do some work if you didn't know him
better.

> wait
Time passes...

> give mints to rob
"Ta, boss," he says.
   He takes a couple and doesn't look quite so tired afterwards.

> move desk
"High time we moved this desk, Ted," you say.
   "Why me?" he complains. "I get all the heavy jobs."
   "Because," you say. Nothing else. You've often found that a lot of
meanings can be covered with 'because'.
   Grumbling, Ted helps you move the desk.
   Underneath it, perhaps put there to protect it from having paint
accidentally dripped over it, is a telephone.

> paint telephone
A few dabs of paint and the telephone looks a lot... brighter than it did
before.

   Suddenly, and without any kind of warning whatsoever, a meteor comes
crashing through the roof!
   Startled as you are by this, you still have the presence of mind to throw
yourself to one side as it smashes down into the middle of the floor and
blasts a pit several feet wide.

   "Ber-limey!" gasps Stan. "Did yer see that friggin' meteor, boss? Came
right through the ceiling at us!"

   Rob stares bleakly at the meteor and rubs his eyes. "I knew I shouldn't
have got out of bed this morning," he says.

   Approaching the meteor, Ted glances at you and says, "y'think if I whack
it one it might blow up?"
   "That wouldn't be a very good idea," you say.

   Ted starts humming a tune.
   "Why are you humming that tune, Ted?" you ask.
   He stops humming. "I wasn't humming, boss."
   "You were, Ted. I heard you."
   "I swear I wasn't, boss."
   "And I swear you were, Ted. Don't you always hum when you've stole
something?"
   Ted shakes his head. "Me, boss? Perish the thought."

> look through door
A corridor beyond leads to the reception area where the pretty reception
sits. She looks up at you.
   "Yes?" she asks.
   "Er-"
   She sighs. "I suppose you want a cup of coffee, right?"
   "Er-"
   "Fine. Fine. I'll get the coffee. No need to give me grief."
   She disappears from the reception area and in the distance you hear a
kettle brewing.

> paint ceiling
You clamber onto the desk and paint the as much of the ceiling as you can
reach. The finished result isn't so much 'finished' as 'just about okay' but
that's good enough for you.

> paint desk
Deciding the desk looks a bit drab, you splash a bit of paint on it.
   There! A definite improvement!

   "Oh my GOD!" comes a high-pitched whine of a voice.
   Thinking it must be the wife come to visit you on the job, you're halfway
through the window before noticing it's actually the pretty receptionist.
   "What HAPPENED?" she cries, tearing at her hair. "Mr
Ostinolypakalopodopous got this floor from his father who got it from his
father who got it from his uncle (didn't get on with the father apparently).
He's going to hit the roof when-" She glances up and winces. "Oh, the
roof..."
   "We saved the phone," you say, thinking this is somehow an issue that will
make a difference.
   "The... phone?" The receptionist scrabbles in her pocket for a tissue,
dislodging a card which drops to the floor. "That's not so bad then. I mean,
a desk that's been in the family for generations doesn't matter much but
provided the phone's okay..."
   She bursts into sobs and rushes off.
   Now if you didn't know better you'd swear there was a hint of sarcasm in
that last comment of hers.

> paint door
The door looks decidely dull but after a few swipes with your trusty paint
brush it starts looking quite a bit better.

> paint walls
You dollop some paint over the walls. It's not a particularly impressive job
(a professional decorator might well give his opinion of it as "crap") but
you're reasonably pleased with it.

   The receptionist enters with some coffee.
   "Sorry it took so long," she says, not sounding sorry at all, "but there
was a great big spider curled up in the kettle and I had to really mash it to
pieces before it would let go of the teabags. Anyway, here you go."
   She hands you some coffee.

   "Hey, grand!" says Ted.

   Rob grins at the coffee. "My favourite staying awake drink," he murmurs.

   "Ta," says Stan as the receptionist hands him his coffee. For perhaps the
first time ever, an attractive member of the female sex enters within
grabbing distance of Stan and doesn't get grabbed. Stan's attention seems
focused on the job in hand. Also a first.

   "Well, back to work," the receptionist says.
   "I'll call you if I need more coffee," you say.
   "You can try," she says archly and departs.

> listen to radio
A crackling voice can be heard emanating from the radio: "...in other news,
enterpreneur Mr Ostinolypakalopodopous has developed a craving for choccy and
insists his receptionist keeps a ready supply close to hand at all times.
Simply calling her name - Mertle - will now inspire her to bring... Oh, we've
just been informed by Mr Ostinolypakalopodopous' lawyers that any more
comments will result in a £95,000,000,000 lawsuit being brought against us.
Oh, well, onto other news..."

> call mertle
You hear the sound of sighing down the corridor then the receptionist pops
her head around the door.
   "Yes?" she asks pointedly.
   "Er, that coffee was awfully nice," you say.
   "We don't have any more if you're going to ask for more."
   "Er-"
   She sighs. "If I give you some beer from the reception fridge will you
stop bothering me?"
   You don't stop to ask her why she has beer in the reception fridge. You
just nod.
   "Back in a minute," she says and disappears.

   The usual peaceful furore of the office is interrupted by a short, but
violent, piece of humming from Ted.

> paint floor
Mr Ostinolypakalopodopous didn't hire you to paint the floor but you're sure
he'll appreciate the gesture all the same. And it certainly looks more
colourful after you've sloshed some paint onto it.

> paint plant
A few dabs of paint and the plant looks a bit more colourful.

> read id
In lovely bold print there are the words: "NamE: £2.17; aDDres: yes pleeze;
ocupat- occurpor- job: mail; sex: 343434; hoMe FONe numbA: 34 wirtLe rOAd;
toTaL SAVins: PatriCk AinT"
   Good job you've got your painting skills to fall back on because you
grammar and spelling certainly leave a thing or two to be desired. As do your
form filling in skills.

> call 343434
You dial the number you read on your ID. After 42 rings, your wife answers.
   "Hi, honey," you say. "You miss me?"
   "Who the hell is this?" screeches a voice from the other end of the phone
which is either a harpy or an extremely frustrated housewife. The two are
hard to tell apart. "If this is that useless, waste of space, fifth rate
excuse for a painter-"
   "No," you say. "It's your husband."
   Dead silence.
   "Oh, hello, sweetums," the harpy/frustrated housewife goes on. "So nice of
you to call me from work. What's it been - four, five years since your last
call?"
   "You know how time flies when you're having fun," you say calmly. "I've
been busy."
   Another bout of yelling. Followed by: "and are you treating your workmen
well?"

   "He's horrible as hell to us," mutters Ted.
   You flash him an angry glance.
   "Well, you are," says Ted.
   You grudgingly admit he might have a point there.

   "Of course, honey," you say to your wife. "Be home about ten, okay?"
   "This year or next?" is the snarled response before the phone is slammed
down. But you can tell, mainly due to the lack of death threats issued by
your nearest and dearest, that she appreciated you calling her.

   The receptionist walks in with some beer which she hands to you.
   "It's not very cold," she says, "but the fridge has been malfunctioning
for years so I tend to store them in the box Mr Ostinolypakalopodopous uses
for his dirty underpants."

   "I'd suggest something," says Stan, "but you'd probably think I was being
a pig."
   "I think pigs would be insulted by that," says the receptionist.

   "Any more beer if I get thirsty?" you ask.
   The receptionist laughs. "Oh, sorry. You were being serious there." She
laughs some more. "Oh, you're a funny one and no mistake."
   Still chuckling, she goes back to the reception area.

> call fortuna
Acting on a hunch, you dial the number for Madame Fortuna.
   "You seek to know the future," says the croaky voice on the other end of
the phone.
   "Blimey, she's good," says Rob.

   "I need help," you say to Fortuna.
   "Something has occurred," she says.

   Stan nods in admiration. "Damnit, boss, she sure knows her stuff."

   "That's right," you say. "A-"
   "I do not need to know the details," Fortuna goes on. "To cure yourself of
your recent troubles, a blood sacrifice must be made."
   "A... blood sacrifice?" you ask, wondering if you heard that right. "I'm
not quite sure I heard-"
   "A blood sacrifice," Fortuna affirms. "Search and you shall find a dagger.
Stab this into a fellow worker and your problems shall be solved. A curse you
shall break and the world shall be saved."
   Dead silence descends on the office.
   Then you can, "er... you do know I'm an office decorator, don't you?"
   There is a moment's silence from the other end of the phone. Then Fortuna
comes back on. She doesn't sound quite as confident as before. "You are
not... Prince Gulgrinn who faces death and mayhem from an army of ravening
demons from the dark pits of Hades itself?"
   "Er... no."
   "Well. Similar principle so give it a try. Should work. Oh, is that the
time? Must go. Terribly busy."
   The phone goes dead.

> x cabinet
The filing cabinet looks like no one has bothered with it in a long, long
time. If Mr Ostinolypakalopodopous has bothered doing much filing in recent
years, you'd hate to see the state of the files that he keeps in this thing.
   On the edge of the filing cabinet is the knife Fortuna mentioned. You take
it with you.

> answer phone
You answer the phone - but there's no one there. Not even a message recorded
on the phone's inbuilt answerphone.
   "I get that all the time," says Ted with a sigh. "I answer the phone and
there's never anyone there."
   "Did you think to plug it in?" asks Stan.
   Ted sighs again. "Damn. Knew there was something I was doing wrong."

   The phone suddenly makes a beeping sound as a message is recorded onto it.

> sacrifice rob
Due to his unfortunate habit of falling asleep frequently, Rob makes an easy
victim and you're able to dispatch him with ease.
   Stan and Ted stand there with horrified looks on their faces.
   "Blimey, boss," says Stan. "He wasn't the best employee in the world but
couldn't you have just docked his pay instead?"

   Ted begins to hum... but stops and goes very quiet the moment you look at
him.

> talk to ted
"Ted!" you say. "You seem to be carrying a stapler!"
   Ted tries to shove said stapler into his pocket but as you've already seen
it he sighs and hands it over.
   "I wasn't going to steal it," he mutters.
   You look at him.
   "Well, okay I was going to steal it. But I wasn't going to keep it."
   You look at him.
   "Well, okay I was going to keep it. But I, er, wasn't going to take it
with me on dates or anything."
   You look at him.
   Ted just looks embarrassed.

> talk to ted
"Ted!" you say. "You seem to be carrying a filofax!"
   "I found it!" Ted protests.
   You look at him.
   "Okay, okay. I didn't find it as such as steal it. But I was sorry
afterwards."
   You look at him.
   "Okay, okay. I wasn't sorry as such but I felt I should have been."
   Grumbling, he hands over the filofax.

> talk to ted
"Ted!" you say. "You seem to be carrying an... unexploded bomb!"
   Ted sighs. "Only a bit of fun, boss," he says. "I mean, it's not like I
was planning to blow up any government buildings with it or anything."
   You look at him.
   Ted sighs again and hands over the bomb.

> answer phone
You answer the phone - and a thunderous voice booms down the phoneline: "THOR
HERE! AND I'M MAD! MAN, AM I MAD! GEESH, YOU WOULDN'T BELIEVE THE DAY I JUST
HAD. HONEY, YOU BETTER HAVE SOME BEER FOR ME WHEN I GET THERE 'COS I'M GONNA
BE MADDER THAN A MADMAN IF THERE AIN'T ANY!"
   Hmmm. You wonder if it was a wrong number.

> wait
Time passes...

   In the car park outside you hear a carriage draw up and, seconds later, a
bizarrelly clad fellow enters. He's dressed in the skins of several different
humans and carries a staff which looks to be fashioned from bone.
   "If you're here selling double glazing, we ain't interested," says Stan.
   "I am summoned," says the man who introduces himself as Mr Abogee. "I am
here to right a grave injustice." He regards the ceiling. "Ah, a grave
injustice indeed. I will need time to prepare for this most tragic of
circumstances. Do not interrupt me."
   Mr Abogee heads into a corner of the office and starts 'preparing'.

> wait
Time passes...

   The phone suddenly makes a beeping sound as a message is recorded onto it.

> wait
Time passes...

> wait
Time passes...

   There is a crash outside and a moment later in bursts a huge fellow
carrying a VERY large hammer.
   "DAMNATION!" he roars (and, overhead, lightning crackles and thunder
booms. "JORMUNGAND THE WORLD WYRM WAS IN A FOUL MOOD AND THAT WASN'T EVEN THE
START OF MY PROBLEMS." He points a fist the size of a battering ram and
demands, "BEER! NOW! DON'T MAKE ME ASK TWICE!" He points a fist the size of a
battering ram and demands, "BEER! NOW! DON'T MAKE ME ASK TWICE!" He points a
fist the size of a battering ram and demands, "BEER! NOW! DON'T MAKE ME ASK
TWICE!" He points a fist the size of a battering ram and demands, "BEER! NOW!
DON'T MAKE ME ASK TWICE!" He points a fist the size of a battering ram and
demands, "BEER! NOW! DON'T MAKE ME ASK TWICE!" He points a fist the size of a
battering ram and demands, "BEER! NOW! DON'T MAKE ME ASK TWICE!" He points a
fist the size of a battering ram and demands, "BEER! NOW! DON'T MAKE ME ASK
TWICE!" He points a fist the size of a battering ram and demands, "BEER! NOW!
DON'T MAKE ME ASK TWICE!" He points a fist the size of a battering ram and
demands, "BEER! NOW! DON'T MAKE ME ASK TWICE!" He points a fist the size of a
battering ram and demands, "BEER! NOW! DON'T MAKE ME ASK TWICE!" He points a
fist the size of a battering ram and demands, "BEER! NOW! DON'T MAKE ME ASK
TWICE!" He points a fist the size of a battering ram and demands, "BEER! NOW!
DON'T MAKE ME ASK TWICE!"

   "Blimey, boss!" gasps Ted. "Have you seen the size of that fellow?"
   "SULLY NOT THE FORM OF THOR WITH THY UNCLEAN EYES, MORTAL!" booms Thor.
"LEST THOU WOULDST BRING DOWN THE WRATH OF THE GOD OF THUNDER 'PON THY
LICE-RIDDEN HEAD!"
   Ted frowns, puzzling things over.
   "I think he's threatening to kill you, Ted," you say.
   Ted nods. "I had a feeling that might be the case.""""""""""""

   Stan gawps at the figure.

> wait
Time passes...

> give beer to thor
Thor takes the beer with a pleased grin spreading across his face. "BEER!" he
booms. "THE DRINK OF THE GODS! THE NECTAR OF THE TITANS! THE SCOURGE OF-" He
tastes it. "-AH, CRAP!" After he's finished throwing up, he gives a shake of
his head, drops his VERY big hammer on the floor, and storms off to find some
headache tablets.

   "Good job he cleared off when he did," says Ted. "I was just about to take
a swing for him."

> wait
Time passes...

> give coffee to abogee
"Ah, my favourite," he says, and drinks the coffee down in one go. "Much
obliged. We seldom have mud in cups where I come from."

   There comes a squeal from the receptionist followed by a swarthy fellow
who looks like a used car salesman stepping into the office.
   "Mr O here?" he enquires, looking around the office in case 'Mr O' might
be hiding in a corner.
   "Nor right now," you say.
   "Pity. Him and me - the name's Stavros by the way, I'm an 'associate' of
his - we're friends. Go way back."

   Stavros looks about to say more but instead glances down at the hammer of
Thor lying on the ground.
   And frowns.
   "Hey!" he says. "That wasn't there the last time I was here!"
   "Someone, er, left it behind," you say.
   "I can see that. Tell you what, friend, I'm a, er, collector of, er, big
hammers like that one so how's about I give you some cash to take it off your
hands?"
   You're just about to tell him no when your mind catches up and informs you
he just mentioned the word 'cash'.
   So instead of "clear off!" (or words to that effect) your next utterance
goes more along the lines of: "how much?"
   "£500. Can't say fairer than that, now can I? Just say 'yes' or 'no'.
Simple as simple."

> give filofax to stan
"Gee thanks, boss," he says. "I'll be sure and remember you to the ladies for
this."
   "I'd be happier if you worked a bit harder," you say.
   Stan nods. "Will do."

   Suddenly, Mr Abogee begins to chant. This he does in accompaniment to a
Dire Straits CD he pops into his Walkman and then jigs along to the sounds of
Walk Of Life.
   He approaches Rob's corpse, taps it several times with his staff, and
pronounces several words of what are no doubt powerful magic - "eeny meeny
miny mo" - and then, without warning, the corpse vanishes!
   At the same time, a vortex of light swirls around the office, magically
repairing the ceiling and the floor. A minute later it's like no damage had
been caused. Even the meteor is gone.
   "Amazing!" you breathe.
   "The powers I wield are wonderful and wonderous," says Mr Abogee. "And now
I must depart."
   He throws a smoke bomb at his feet and slips away - which he does via the
door. You're not quite sure what the smoke bomb was in aid of but maybe he
just prefers showy exits.

> wait
Time passes...

   The phone suddenly makes a beeping sound as a message is recorded onto it.

> call mertle
Almost before you have finished shouting, the receptionist appears at the
doorway and hands you some choccy before returning to the reception area.

   "What about me, love?" cries Stan. "Wanna see my choccy?"

> give choccy to stan
"Grand!" says Stan. "Tell you what, boss, I'll let you have a couple of my
birds. Anytime you feel in the mood, just give me a nod and they're yours. No
questions asked."

> wait
Time passes...

> answer phone
"We've got your sister," says the recorded message on the phone.
   "But I haven't got a sister," you reply without thinking.
   There is a moment of hesitation followed by: "okay, how about a brother?"
   "Er, yes, I've got a-"
   "He called Bill?"
   "No. Steve."
   "Well, we've got him and we're gonna kill him if you give us any crap. Got
that? Good. Now, bring £200 to the ransom point within the hour... or else."
   The phone goes dead before you can even ask where the ransom point is.

   "C'mon, fellow," mutters Stavros. "I ain't got all day, y'know. Yes or
no?"

> wait
Time passes...

> wait
Time passes...

> wait
Time passes...

> yes
"A great deal, my friend," says Stavros, "and not on you'll regret at all.
Let me just that little hammer..."
   "It's very heavy," you start to say, then stop as Stavros casually picks
it up, slings it over his shoulder and reaches into his pocket.
   "£200 we agreed, right?"
   "£500!"
   "£400 it is."
   He counts out £300 and hands it to you.
   "Good doing business with you, fellow. You come across any more gems like
this, you let ol' Stavros know and he'll slip you another couple hundred quid
for it.""""""""
   "Couple-"
   You count the money and, sure enough, there's just £200 there.
   Before you can do anything, Stavros gives you a swift nod and departs.
   There is another squeal from the receptionist followed by a cry of "damn
you! Give me back my bra!" and the sound of Stavros cackling as he leaves.

> wait
Time passes...

> wait
Time passes...

> give cash to ted
Ted takes the cash, slips it into his pocket, then removes from a different
pocket another wad of cash which looks exactly the same as the first lot
minus a few notes.
   "You were carrying that cash around with you all this time?" you ask.
   "Not all this time, boss," Ted says. "I, er, found it on the way to work
this morning."

   The receptionist pops her head around the doorway and says, "I've got some
strange fellow out front asking if we have any meteor ore for sale. I told
him to go take a running jump (which is our usual response to customers) but
he seems to think you might be able to help him. Can you?"
   "Sorry," you say. "No meteor ore here."
   "That's what I thought." The receptionist shakes her head and returns to
the reception area.

> wait
Time passes...

> wait
Time passes...

> wait
Time passes...

> wait
Time passes...

> answer phone
"Er, sorry about before," says a voice you recognise as being that of the
kidnapper. "Forgot to tell you the ransom point in all the excitement. Tell
you what, we'll come to you and then you can hand over the money."
   "And what about my brother?"
   "What about him?"
   "Are you going to release him if I give you the money?"
   "Release him? Why? Do you think we've kidn-" There is the sound of someone
being slapped on the back of the head. "Er, of course we've kidnapped your
brother. And we're going to kill him. Twice if you're not careful. So have
the money and be ready for us 'cos we're comin' with your sister."
   "Don't you mean my brother?"
   "Him, too."
   The phone goes dead.

> wait
Time passes...

> wait
Time passes...

> wait
Time passes...

> wait
Time passes...

   You hear the sound of the main doors in the reception area opening and
then into the office strides a small, not very intimidating looking fellow.
   "The name's Boris," he says, and you recognise the voice of the kidnapper
from the phone. "I've come for your ransom money for your dear old granny."

   "Don't you mean his brother?" asks Stan. "Least that's what you said on
the phone."
   Boris frowns. "Er, right. Yeah. Thanks. Your brother."
   "You aren't half dopey," mutters Stan.
   Boris' eyes narrows. "You watch it, pal. His sister ain't the only one
what can get kidnapped."

   "What if I don't have the ransom money?" you say.
   Boris sighs. "Then you ain't never gonna see your dad again."

   "If you're going to embark on a life of crime," says Ted (who knows all
about a life of crime), "you really ought to start getting your facts
straight."
   "You want your wife to get kidnapped, buddy boy?" asks Boris in a not very
menacing tone of voice.
   "I ain't got a wife."
   Boris looks at him. "Nah. I can see why not."

   A lull falls over the office.
   "I'll wait right here for my money, buster," Boris says. "I'll give you a
few minutes to get it together. But if I ain't got it by the time I count to,
oh, 60 then I'm outta here. And you'll never see your dog again."

> give cash to boris
"Ah, the ransom payment for your uncle," says Boris, not noticing that you
have given him the notes you got from Ted.
   "I thought it was my brother you had," you say.
   "Er, right." Boris frowns. "Turns out we had 'em both. Don't worry,
they'll both be released now so no need to concern yourself on that account.
Your sister is okay."
   And without further ado, he shakes your hand and departs.

   "Yeah!" cries Stan. "You sure showed him what for, boss!"
   "No thanks to you, Stan," you say reproachfully.
   "Didn't wanna ruin your moment of glory, boss."

> wait
Time passes...

> fix desk
I don't think you can fix the desk.

> water plant
I don't understand what you want me to do with the large potted plant.

> z
Time passes...

> wait
Time passes...

> wait
Time passes...

> wait
Time passes...

   "Well, well, what have we here?" booms a voice from the doorway and you
glance over in surprise to see a hulking fellow there. He's big and
brutal-looking and has an air of concealed violence about him. Yep,
definitely a cop.

   "Blimey! A pig!" says Stan before he can stop himself.
   It doesn't look at first like Officer Bribe has even noticed the insult,
but then as he turns to speak to you and his fist shoots out and catches Stan
in the face, you conclude that Bribe probably did hear.
   That, or he felt like belting Stan one anyway. (You know how he feels.)

   "I'm here investigating a very serious charge of passing counterfeit
money," Bribe says, the words charging out of his mouth like unstoppable
rhinos. "I have reason to believe that you are responsible for this crime."
   "Me?" you say.
   Bribe gives a nod that could very easily turn into a headbutt. "You. You
have the look of the career criminal, my friend, and I know a career criminal
when I see one."
   "I'm a painter."
   "Ah, and you even have a suitable cover story worked out." Bribe glances
around the office as if debating smashing it up in case you've hidden any
suspicious substances there. "I'll ask you a question, pal, and you'd better
give me a straight answer or I'll be very angry. And you won't like me when
I'm angry."

   "We don't like you now," mutters Stan who clearly has no idea when to keep
quiet.
   A few seconds later, Bribe unclenches his fist, picks Stan up from the
floor where he had fallen, and continues the questioning.

   "What do you want to know?" you ask, eager to avoid a pummelling for
'obstructing the police in the lawful execution of their duties'.
   "Did you, or did you not, hand counterfeit money to one Boris Snitch? A
simple yes or ow will suffice."
   You frown. "Don't you mean yes or no?"
   "I know what I mean."

> wait
Time passes...

> yes
"An admission of guilt, eh?" says Bribe.
   "But I didn't know the money was counterfeit," you say truthfully. "I
thought my work colleague had exchanged it for real money."
   Ted looks like a rabbit cornered in the car headlights.
   "Nah," says Bribe. "By the look of things, the money you had was real and
your colleague exchanged it for fake cash. Now, I'm almost minded to book you
for passing fake cash but as I arrested a snivelling little toerag today and
I'll probably get a promotion out of it, I'll let you off with a warning. But
next time..."
   Bribe waves a finger at you before departing.
   You turn to Ted. "Why, you lying little-"
   "I did you a favour, boss," he says, backing away. "Without me you'd have
wound up in deep doodoo and no mistake."
   While you admit he might well have a point there, you're still not very
happy about him lying to you.

   "Ah, the friendly face of the law," says Ted. "Makes me feel safe knowing
they're around."

> wait
Time passes...

> wait
Time passes...

> wait
Time passes...

   The receptionist pops her head around the doorway and announces, "Mr
Ostinolypakalopodopous will be returning from his business trip shortly. He
asks that you leave the office in the mint condition state it was in when you
arrived."
   You look around the office. "Er... right," you say, the words not exactly
jumping with enthusiasm from your mouth.
   The receptionist flashes you a worrying look then goes back to her desk.

> wait
Time passes...

> wait
Time passes...

> wait
Time passes...

> wait
Time passes...

> wait
Time passes...

> wait
Time passes...

> wait
Time passes...

> wait
Time passes...

> wait
Time passes...

> wait
Time passes...

   You hear a man talking to the receptionist and a moment later in walks Mr
Ostinolypakalopodopous.
   "You're back early," you say nervously.
   "Indeed I am," says Mr Ostinolypakalopodopous, smiling the way you imagine
a shark smiles before it rips open the harmless little dolphin. "My business
trip was over sooner than I expected and so I returned to find out how things
have been going in my absence. And," he takes a look around the office, "what
kind of job you have made at painting my office."
   "The best job I could have done," you reply, which may - or may not - be
the truth.

   "Well," says Mr Ostinolypakalopodopous. "I am impressed!"
   "You are?" you gasp. "Er... I mean, of course you are."
   "You did an excellent job here. Everything appears to be painted and neat
and tidy. What was the agreed upon fee?"
   Honesty and dishonesty war inside you.
   For about a fifth of a second.
   Mr Ostinolypakalopodopous frowns. "1.2 million pounds?" he says with a
raised eyebrow. "For one day's work? On one office? But..." He looks around
again. "You did do an exceptional job after all so your fee is accepted. £1.2
million it is."
   And he reaches into his pocket and pulls out a wad of £5 notes which he
proceeds to count.
   You lose count several times along the way but you figure that with £1.2
million you can afford to miss the odd note here and there.

Well done! You've reached the best ending in the game!
