Loading game...

The Saga of Percy the Viking

Mead Hall
The mead hall you have made your home is a large, sprawling affair complete
with rushes on the floor, tapestries on the walls and an atmosphere so smoky
it's hard to see your hand in front of your face. A door... somewhere...
leads outside but as it's nice and warm in here and not so nice and very cold
outside you don't see any great need to leave right now.

> z
Time passes...

> z
Time passes...

Somewhere a door opens and in strides Throgbert, your second-in-command.
   "Sire!" he cries. "I have been speaking to the men and we feel the time
has come for your clan to conquer the world. I have drawn up a series of
battle plans." He takes these out of his pocket. They look crumpled, worn
and, worst of all, covered in vinegar stains. "As things stand, we have 30
mens and 50 copper coins for recruiting and buying provisions. I give you
four options, sire, on how we should start our plans for conquest."
   He proceeds to read off a list of options for you to choose from.

   1: "Sack the town of Erinbor. Heavily fortified but with rich pickings."

   2: "Sack the town of Narbor. Not so heavily fortified but less in the way
of rewards."
   3: "Attack the military fortress of Gerringham. Very heavily fortified and
not much in the way of reward but it'll show the locals what we're made of."

   4: "Find some peasants and beat the living daylights out of them. No
rewards as such but on the plus side it'll give the men a much needed boost
of confidence knowing there's someone they can push around without getting a
kicking."

> 1
"A wise decision, sire," says Throgbert. "I shall give the orders to the men
and report back later."
   Throgbert departs.

Throgbert returns.
   "Good news, sire," he proclaims. "We lost five men in the assault on
Erinbor but got a bounty of 20 copper coins."
   "That seems a bit harsh," you say.
   "Men are cheaper than coins these days, sire, so it was a fair trade off.

   "Now, for our next venture I think it vital we strike somewhere more
important: the trade route. There are a number of merchant caravans which
head along this route and I think we should..."

   1: "Attack every one you find and get me as much wealth as possible."
   2: "Instruct the men to be cautious but get a fair bounty."
   3: "Instruct the men to take no risks and only get what they can."
   4: "Instruct the men to sit out this one."

> 1
"A wise decision, sire," says Throgbert. "I shall give the orders to the men
and report back later."
   Throgbert departs.

Throgbert returns.
   "Good and bad news, sire," he proclaims. "I had the men attack every
merchant caravan they came across and the result was that we got an extra 30
copper coins but lost 10 men in the process."
   You wince. "That's bad."
   Throgbert nods. "Yes, sire. Even with the exchange rate being 1 man for 5
copper coins, we did bad today. Still, there's less of us to spread the
wealth around so more for the survivors.
   "Anyway, for our next venture. The Lady Yasmina is said to be travelling
through the Ramskill Mountains with an escort for a feast at her betrothed's
castle. Yasmina's family are well known to be rich. I suggest we kidnap her
and see what we can get in the way of ransom."

   1: "A good plan. Set it in motion."
   2: "We're warriors, not kidnappers. Let this one pass."

> 2
"A wise decision, sire," says Throgbert. "I shall give the orders to the men
and report back later."
   Throgbert departs.

Throgbert returns.
   "I have another plan, sire," he says, "to bring our clan to greatness."
   "Another one?"
   "Indeed, sire. This time it involves a daring raid on the pirates of Hell
Cove. They have been harrassing merchants ships up and down the coast for
years and until now their base has been a mystery. But I believe that, with
the right backing, I can organise a raid to find their base and seize their
wealth. It would be a resounding victory if we succeed, sire."

   1: "Too good an opportunity to miss, Throgbert. Go for it."
   2: "Proceed with utmost caution."
   3: "Sounds too risky. Let's leave it."

> 1
"A wise decision, sire," says Throgbert. "I shall give the orders to the men
and report back later."
   Throgbert departs.

Throgbert returns.
   "Excellent news, sire!" he proclaims. "The raid was a resounding victory!
We smashed the pirate horde and stole a sizeable portion of their wealth."
   "How sizeable a portion?" you ask.
   "30 copper coins, sire!"
   You frown. "That doesn't sound like much of a sizeable portion."
   "They were greedy folk, sire, and they drank away the remaining 23,587
copper coins before we could stop them.
   "But enough of that, sire. I have dreadful news. Your son, Ogwald, has
been arrested in Citithorn for theft."
   You surge to your feet. "Get my armies, Throgbert!" you cry. "We must ride
to rescue him at once! Not a moment must pass! We must- why are you just
standing there?"
   "Sire," says Throgbert, "the army of Citithorn numbers 20,000 highly
trained warriors. We currently have 15 men left. However, I am close friends
with one of the magistrates of the city and for a sizeable bribe he will fix
the trial so that Ogwald goes free."
   "How much?"
   Ogwald tells you.

   1: "Pay him 125 copper coins!"
   2: "Pay him 75 copper coins!"
   3: "Pay him 50 copper coins!"
   4: "On second thoughts, leave Ogwald to rot. It'll serve him right for
getting caught in the first place. Besides, the missus always did say I
mollycoddled the lad and I reckon a twenty year stretch in prison ought to
toughen him up a bit."

> 1
"I have give the orders at once," says Throgbert.
   Throgbert departs.

Throgbert returns.
   "A wonderful time, sire!" he proclaims. "Ogwald is saved and has brought
with him a group of fellow prisoners to be your bodyguards!"

"I think it's time to assess how well you did, sire," says Throgbert. "Well,
your major victory is that your son Ogwald is with you. Alas, you lost more
than a fair portion of your army and that in itself is going to make
conquering any other nations a difficulty for the foreseeable future."
   "What next, Throgbert?" you ask.
   "World domination, sire," he says. "One day anyway. For now, I think you
should try again and see if you can fare better the next time."

Well done! You're a prince among vikings!

> y
A moment later and you're scratching your head in confusion, having no idea
how to do that.

>
