Loading game...

The Perfect Spy
You are Stephen Rogers, a scientist in a top secret project being carried on
in a hidden laboratory, somewhere in the central US.  The location is known
only to the precious few contacts that your superiors allow.  Your life
consists solely of doing their dirty work, sleeping for a maximum of four
hours a day, getting massive doses of caffeine, and repeating.

You never wanted this.  When it all started, you were only told that you
would be working on a scientific project, if you would only do anything
without questioning your employers.  You thought it sounded strange, but were
desperate for the cash, and it was high time that you put your hard-earned
degree to some use.

It was only when the work began and you were told that you were not to be
allowed to leave the facility without express consent from your superiors,
and that they were highly unlikely to give you such leave that you began to
feel nervous.  Then, when your routine started, it became a nightmare.  You
quickly realized that you couldn't function in this sort of environment, and
requested release from your employment.  Unfortunately, you had somehow stood
out among your fellow researchers as being the most efficient, and so you
were denied your request.  You tried to quit, but they wouldn't let you.
When you told them that you would no longer continue to work, they threatened
you with death.  The project was too important.

The project itself made no sense to you.  It attempted to somehow change the
form of a human into that of an animal through genetic manipulation.  It
seemed to you to be not only impossible, but incredibly clichéd.  When they
finally revealed to you their plan for this project, you saw why it was
important to them.  They were attempting to create the perfect spy.
Disguised as an animal, a man would retain his human mind, allowing him to
use whatever form to his advantage.  Still, it was impossible, was it not?

After months of working, you have somehow become convinced that it is not.
You and the others who are working alongside you have successfully performed
tests on several test subject who were to be paid several thousand dollars
for just allowing themselves to be injected with the potentially deadly
serum.  For some reason, you found that there were crazy people willing top
do this, to whom money was more important than life.  You yourself tried to
convince them not to go, and several of them did succumb to the deadly
effects of the early prototypes.  As each one failed, your conscience
screamed that this wasn’t right, yet you continued, thoroughly convinced that
it would be better to continue and somehow stop the project than getting
killed.

Then dozens of tests later, you completed your first successful test.  A man
was changed into a tiger, yet retained his mind, and was completely without
side-effects several weeks later.

With the first success, you learned  lot about how it had to be done.  You
and your colleagues successfully completed two more forms soon afterwards,
and then you completed the final step that your employers had intended.

Strapped to your wrist, the device that you designed contained concentrated
doses of each of the serums, tiger, mouse, German shepherd, and human.
Through the use of hypodermic needles, it would inject the wearer with the
proper amount of whichever of the serums he required, prompting the quick
change into the form of his choice.  This would be used by the so-called
Perfect Spy to allow him to make use of the abilities of all four forms in
relatively short time period.

Now you are about to reveal to your superiors the success that you have had.
Around you, your partners in this project wait, each of them having defaulted
on the honor that you now were forced to perform.  You were to demonstrate
the device on yourself for your employers, but you weren't about to
cooperate.  With the device that was project Perfect Spy on your wrist, you
have never been more equipped to escape, and that is just what you intend to
do...

To use the device, type 'Turn into (animal)' or 'Change into (animal).'

End of Hall
You are standing at the end of one of the many winding halls in this
facility.  You stand in front of a door which is to your south.  This leads
into the room where you are to show your employers the device.  Several of
your fellow scientists stand, waiting for you to go through the door.  The
hallway leads back to the north, before turning west and east a few feet
behind you.  The scientists around you fidget nervously.

>
I don't understand what you mean, please rephrase.

> turn into a tiger
You press the appropriate buttons for this transformation, and it begins
immediately.

Suddenly unable to stand, you fall onto your hands and knees, then notice
that your fingers are beginning to shorten.  They continue to shorten, until
they are much smaller than their original forms.  Also, orangish hair has
grown on them, and your palms have seemingly inflated.  You try to cry out as
a sudden pain from your changing fingers shocks you, but a growl is all that
is heard.  From the tips of your fingers, right where your fingernails used
to be, come long, black claws.  The orange hair is also growing farther up
your arm.  As it rises farther, it is broken by long stripes of black hair
that cross into it.  Your arms are also changing, becoming stronger.  The fur
runs into your sleeves, disappearing behind the cloth.  You can't see the
changes now, but you can feel more occurring.  You gain weight as the changes
continue back towards your rear, but little of the new weight is fat, most
being lean muscle.  Looking at the reflective surface of the metal walls, you
can see that your entire body from the hips forward is covered in striped
fur, with the orange fur changed to white on your chest and stomach.  Your
head also begins to ache as it changes, your face seemingly on fire as the
striped fur grows there as well, masking your former features.  Your ears
become rounder and move to the top of you head, and your nose and mouth both
move off in front of the rest of your face, forming a small feline muzzle,
filled with sharp teeth that have replaced your old human equivalents.  You
give a very animalistic growl as a pain at your rear end is felt through your
body.  You look back to see a long, striped tail has ripped through the back
of your pants, and your pant legs are bulging with your wider legs as they go
through the change.  Your hips suddenly change positions with an agonizing
feeling that makes you growl loudly.  Instead of hands and knees, you're now
on your hands and feet, or rather, on all four paws.  Your legs succumb to
the change slowly, your knees for all purposes disappearing, leaving only a
slight curve to your leg.  Your feet get longer, and you find yourself
standing on your toes, with the aid of the pads that now cover the balls of
your feet.  As the changes come to an end, you turn your body to look
yourself over.  Your clothes are mysteriously gone, now, leaving you standing
in full tiger form.

Though it seemed to take a while for you, you know that the change was rather
quick.  As you finish changing, the scientists take off running in panic,
leaving you alone.  Taking the opportunity, you move north quickly, leaving
the door behind.

3-Way Intersection
You are standing at an intersection of three halls.  One leads back south
towards the door which contains your employers.  The other two choices are
east and west, both of which lead down the empty halls of the facility.

> w
You move west.

West Hall
You have turned west from the intersection, and are now standing in the
middle of a hall.  Like the other halls here, this corridor is plain metal,
featureless except for the fluorescent tubes above you that illuminate the
entire system of hallways.  Around you there is little of note except for a
locked door just south of you.  It is uninteresting to you, though, as you
know that it only leads to a broom closet.  The hall continues back east and
in front of you to the west.

> change into human
You begin to lose your fur, and then your tail.  Your hands turn back to
their original form, as do your feet, and your face becomes human.  Your
clothes reappear, as you become completely human again.

> turn into mouse
You press the buttons on your device for the change, which begins
immediately.

The change moves like a whirlwind, making you dizzy as you shrink down
quickly from almost six feet tall to only an inch or so.  Your body becomes
covered in brown fur, and your hands become furless claws.  Your head
stretches out into a muzzle, tipped with a sensitive nose.  You gain a
furless tail behind you, and your clothes, which had begun to swamp you,
mysteriously disappear.  You have become a brown mouse.

> w
You move west.

Intersection
You now stand at an intersection between the hall you currently occupy and a
hall that leads off to the north.  Looking down the hall, you see a security
checkpoint, where two guards stand.  Since they will be on alert, you
seriously doubt your chances of getting past them.  Your only other
alternatives are returning to the east or continuing to the west.

> n
You move north.

Security Checkpoint
You stand in front of a security checkpoint, watching the two guards as they
watch for people to check.  As a mouse, you walk quietly against the wall,
unnoticed thus far by the guards.  Still, it would be relatively useless to
try to get past them, as the hallway is guarded by an electric field which
would shock anyone that goes through them.  Still, you notice something on
one of them that might be useful: a blue keycard!

> climb guard's leg
You climb up the guard's leg, moving towards the blue keycard.  You might be
able to get it now...

> take blue keycard
You reach carefully for the keycard, grabbing it with the tips of your claws.
 As it comes free, you climb quickly down.  The guards still haven't noticed!

> s
You move south.

Intersection
You now stand at an intersection between the hall you currently occupy and a
hall that leads off to the north.  Looking down the hall, you see a security
checkpoint, where two guards stand.  Since they will be on alert, you
seriously doubt your chances of getting past them.  Your only other
alternatives are returning to the east or continuing to the west.

> w
You move west.

West End of Hall
You are at the far western end of the hall, facing a keycard door.  You have
sufficient clearance for this door, so all you should have to do is use your
keycard to get through and into the next room.  The only other way out is to
the east, which returns back the way you came.

> change into human
You begin to lose your fur, and then your tail.  Your hands turn back to
their original form, as do your feet, and your face becomes human.  Your
clothes reappear, as you become completely human again.

> use blue keycard on door
You push the blue keycard into the slot beside the door, and the door slides
open.  You're now free to go west.

> w
You move west.

Round Room
A large, round room with seemingly nothing in it.  You suppose it is one of
the parts of the facility that is still under construction.  Still, you might
find something helpful here.

There is a toolbox here.

> turn into mouse
You press the buttons on your device for the change, which begins
immediately.

The change moves like a whirlwind, making you dizzy as you shrink down
quickly from almost six feet tall to only an inch or so.  Your body becomes
covered in brown fur, and your hands become furless claws.  Your head
stretches out into a muzzle, tipped with a sensitive nose.  You gain a
furless tail behind you, and your clothes, which had begun to swamp you,
mysteriously disappear.  You have become a brown mouse.

> n
You move north.

Inside a Hole
You are inside a hole, surounded by wires, which are, luckily, insulated.
Better not be chewing on them, though.  From here, you can see out a hole in
the opposite wall.  Out there, you see...  Freedom!  The hole leads outside!
From here, you are able to go north or south, back into the round room.

> take ball of yarn
You take the ball of yarn.

> throw ball of yarn north
You toss the ball of yarn out, and the curious cat outside follows after,
batting at it and playing around with it.

> n
You move north while the cat is distracted.

Side Alley
You are standing outside of the facility, with nothing between you and
freedom but getting out of this alleyway.  You're almost there!
A cat is here.

> n
You run away from the cat and out of the alley.  For the first few moments,
you're sure that you're being followed, but this proves to be false.  You're
out!
Congratulations!  You have successfully escaped from the facility!
You scored 10 out of the maximum 10!
That is 100% of the game!
Well done - you scored maximum points!
