Loading game...

Perspectives

by Justahack

Introduction

As you walked down your hallway to your room at the resort complex, you
suddenly heard an angry commotion behind you. Before you could turn around
and see what was going on, you suddenly felt a sharp pain strike the back of
your head and then blacking out.

When you came to you found yourself locked in a bathroom with another person
barricading the entrance. Before you could get your bearings, you noticed a
badly injured person on the floor next to you. Almost immediately, there was
a loud angry pounding from outside the bathroom door, with equally angry
voices demanding the door be opened up.

What to do?

Gameplay

This is a semi-dynamic game, and a departure from standard puzzle style
problems. Here, most actors have their own agenda and are actively trying to
achieve their goals. This means that just by doing nothing but simple waiting
allows other actors to get one step closer to their goal.

Events which occur in-game will be preceded by three exclamation marks, like
so to distinguish them from action feedback.

!!!

Please keep this in mind, and enjoy!

Locked In A Bathroom

It's a terribly small bathroom, with scarcely much room to move around.
Behind you is a [b]tub[/b]. In front of you is a medicine cabinet. On the
floor is a number of curiously strewn items. A hammer, a toolbox, a number of
nails, and a small pile of wooden planks.

Also here is a gun.
On the floor, bleeding profusely is a dark haired male.
Jonah is here, hammering nails desperately into planks of wood onto the
bathroom door.

> look

Locked In A Bathroom

It's a terribly small bathroom, with scarcely much room to move around.
Behind you is a [b]tub[/b]. In front of you is a medicine cabinet. On the
floor is a number of curiously strewn items. A hammer, a toolbox, a number of
nails, and a small pile of wooden planks.

Also here is a gun.
On the floor, bleeding profusely is a dark haired male.
Jonah is here, hammering nails desperately into planks of wood onto the
bathroom door.

!!!
With a morbid sounding gurgle, the body on the floor begins to thrash about
uncontrollably then finally lays still.

> examine gun

While Jonah seems engrossed in his pursuit of self preservation, you take a
look at the gun on the sink counter top. While you do not recognize the
model, you do notice that the gun appears fairly new. Furthermore, the area
which you'd expect to find the serial number appears to have been filed away.

!!!
"Damnit, open this door right now you evil gun toting bald man!" yells
Gamble.

"Yeah! Before we put a cap in you!" yells Brendlebun.

"But, if I don't open the door ..." yells Jonah. "How are you going to do
that?"

You hear nothing but silence for a few moments.

"You morons!" yells Jonah angrily.

> examine hammer

A spare hammer lays on the ground, looking rather bored.

> examine toolbox

An orange and mediocre looking tool box. There is a name plate, welded onto
the side of the thing which reads, "Property of Jonah Jonas."

> examine nails

A small mountain of nails lays haphazardly discarded here, waiting for
someone to accidentally step on them and require a tetanus shot.

!!!
"Open this damn door right now!" yells Brendlebun.

"I can't!" yells Jonah anxiously.

"Why the heck not?" yells Gamble from the other side.

"Because ... Because I put up wood planks across the door, that's why!"
retorts Jonah.

"Well, then take them down!" Brendlebun pounded angrily.

"Yeah right, suckers!" yells Jonah indignantly.

> examine planks

A small mountain of wooden planks, lays here waiting to be used inefficiently
for things such as boarding up bathroom doors.

> examine tub

A non descript looking bath tub, with floral shower curtains.

> examine medicine cabinet

The mirror hasn't been cleaned in years, and the metallic frame is rusting
heavily. You try to open the thing, but find that the thing is stuck closed.

!!!
"Brendle, we need another plan. We just can't break through this door with
our fists alone. We're going to need something a bit more substantial."
Gamble pondered outloud.

> examine damien

The body is utterly still now, and there are no signs of life whatsoever.
Upon closer inspection, you note what appears to be some kind of ballistic
exit wound on his back.

> examine jonah

A middle aged man with a severe case of hair loss. Dressed in an eccentric
attire of a tuxedo top and Hawaiian print shorts, the man desperately hammers
wooden planks to the bathroom door in an attempt to keep the intruders
outside and himself inside.

(To talk to Jonah or any other person, try typing [b]talk to (person)[/b]. In
this case, [b]talk to jonah[/b])

> talk to brendlebun
!!!
Before you can say anything, Jonah interrupts you. "Hey! What are you doing?!
Don't waste your breath with those monsters! They've been chasing me, trying
to off me all damn week!"

Jonah growls. "The best we can do is wait them out, and hope they starve out
there in the hallway!"

!!!
The pounding of the bathroom door stops momentarily.

"Brendle, we're going to need something more sturdy to knock down this door.
I saw a fire extinguisher at the other end of the hallway. Let's go get that
instead."

"Ok, you go get it then. If they come out then it's beating time!" Brendle
cracks his knuckles.

You can hear hurrying footsteps fade away.

> talk to gamble
!!!
A deep male voice yells from the other side of the door. "What we want? We
want you to hand over that balding dude and our friend! We know you have him
behind the door, doing who knows what! He shot up our friend and we're going
to pay him the hell back!"

"By 'him', we mean the balding guy!" yells another male voice from the other
side of the door.

"By the way!" yelled the first deep male voice. "I'm Brendlebun, and the guy
next to me is Gamble!"

"Introductions aside, it's time to die!" yelled Gamble.

> talk to brendlebun
!!!
"Shut up and listen!" interrupts Gamble, before you can make can garner any
more information from the other two. "We have no beef with you, dude. If you
open this door or cap the balding dude, we'll let you go."

"However!" yells Brendlebun.

"Yes, however! If you don't let us in by the time we break down this door ...
we'll assume you're in cahoots with the balding dude. We will have no mercy
for you then."

> talk to jonah
!!!
The man does not stop a moment as he madly hammers wooden planks across the
door in an effort to strengthen the barricade. He glances at you, relief
washing over his face, before returning to his work and speaking.

"Guy, am I glad you're awake! I could really use some help around here
boarding these damn doors." The man stops suddenly and turns to face you,
using his pointer and thumb to approximate a rather short thing.

"Those damn crazies were this close ... this close! Before they woulda had
us! You and I were lucky. Damn lucky, we were able to find this sturdy little
bathroom!" The man returns to work, engaging once more in the unceasing and
almost maddening looking work.

"By the way, my name's Jonah. The guy on the floor is one of those guys who
tried to off us." Jonah stops suddenly, and flashes a pistol. "Lucky I had
this on me, or I woulda been dead. Dead by the hands of the damn anti-christ
too!"
!!!
"You two are going to be sorry, real soon! It's already too late for you
Jonah, but you in there! Open up this door or get rid of Jonah, and we'll
overlook all this!" Brendlebun said through the door, malice growing in his
voice.

> talk to jonah
!!!
Jonah cocks an incredulous eyebrow at you as you try to get to know him via
the mystical use of small talk.

"What the hell man? There are two dudes out there ready to cap us, and you
want to know my life story? Don't you have better things to worry about?
Like, oh I don't know, how we're going to escape from the damn crazies
outside?!"

Before Jonah can berate you further about your misplaced priorities, he
suddenly lurches forward and lets out a pain filled cry. "Argh!... this damn
headache!" Jonah gasps for breath as he suffers through his horrible
migraine. Within a few moments, the pain subsides and Jonah leans against the
medicine cabinet.

"I'm sorry you had to see that, guy. Truth be told, I've been having this
horrible headaches a week or so ago. About the same time I stopped taking my
medication."

"My shrink, he's a crook. Had me doped up on these pills and said they were
good for me. Said I needed to else I would start having these crazy paranoid
ideas." Jonah spits. "I'm not crazy! What's crazy was that he got to keep his
license even after I sued him for malpractice!"

"I stopped taking my pills, yeah. But so would have anyone else if they had
to pay 300 bug ones per session! Every damn session was 300 big ones! I
didn't get better, and I just had to kept doling out the big ones!"

Jonah turns his back on you and angrily pounds the door, ignoring any
response you might make and set on the truthfulness of his statements.

> talk to jonah
!!!
"Crazy?! Youse saying I'm the crazy one?" Jonah eyes become dangerous slits
as he peers closer at you. "So youse saying that just because I stopped
taking themse eensy white pills, that I became this whack job who goes around
shooting people because he suspects that they're after his life?!"

Jonah's face twists into a look of extreme disbelief. "Are you out of your
mind? Those crazies are right outside waiting to cap us! And you're saying
I'm the crazy one?!"

Jonah stomps around the bathroom angrily at your words before turning finally
to confront you. "If I didn't know any better, I'd say youse with those
crazies. For all I know, youse just waiting for a chance to off me!"

Jonah leans menacingly closer to you. "You better watch yourself, or I might
have to defend myself again! Not another damn word out of you!"

As you stand there quietly, uncertain of what to say next, Jonah continues.
"Now do us both a damn favour and hammer the door shut with more planks of
wood to help out with the survival effort and keep the crazies out!"

(If you wish to help out as Jonah suggests, you may type [b]hammer the
door[/b] at any time.)

> talk to jonah
!!!
You explain to Jonah that while you understand that he doesn't want to hear
from you and that you have no desire of being "offed", your intentions are
that everyone gets out of here safely with the minimal amount of damage to
anyone.

In fact, if you truly wanted to off Jonah, you could have just played along
and waited for an opportune time. Yet, here you are trying to plead your case
that perhaps the lack of medication is having an adverse affect on him and
that the best course of action would be to surrender before anyone else gets
hurt.

"I ... well ... " Jonah seems lost in thought at your words, as he weighs the
truthfulness. "You have a point there. I suppose deep down inside, I always
knew it was the drugs. I just didn't want to admit it. Ok, look, we'll get
out of here."

Smiling at you, Jonah turns to the door and yells out. "Hey, look! I'm coming
out now youse guys. So don't try to cap me or anything. I'm surrendering!
I'll put the gun on the floor, and then open the door slowly, ok?"

***
Congratulations, you achieved the Negotiation Style Ending!
