Loading game...

The Adventures of Postman Matt (and his black and white cat)

Country Road

Exits: lots

You're on a country road in the middle of nowhere with trees all around,
birds singing in said trees, a cow moo-ing somewhere out of sight, a jet
fighter flying overhead and the overpowering stench of the countryside
filling your nostrils. Lying before you on the ground is a dead body, one Mr
Gordon Blimey, who is the intended recipient of the letter you're carrying
and who, due to his current state of being deceased, is unable to sign for
it. Your black and white cat, Tess, runs around meowing loudly.

> move body
You try to turn him over, but fail on account of him being a very heavy
fellow and you being rather weak.

However, a pen which was previously trapped under the body rolls free.

> get pen
You take the pen.

> read letter
But... it's not your letter!

Ah, heck with it! It's for the dead man and, with him being dead, he's not
very likely to open it, is he?

So you open it. It reads:

"Dear Mr Blimey,

It has recently come to my attention that you have a very silly  name. People
with very silly names should be mocked. As such, I am writing you this
correspondence so I can make fun of you.

Consider yourself made fun of.

Yours sincerely,

Hogwash Bottomley"

Hmmm...

There's a line at the bottom which needs signing. Unfortunately, it's
currently unsigned.

Tess scratches herself.

> sign letter
You hesitate briefly before doing the unthinkable - well, it's clearly not
unthinkable because you just thought of doing it, but it's pretty damn almost
close to being unthinkable - and sign the letter.

There. Done.

You then leave the letter by the body, call to Tess to stop savaging a lion
she's found, and head on to your next stop on the postal route.

Castle Dracula, eh? Hmmm... should be a piece of cake.

[MORE]

Victory!

Well done! You've won!

What an epic victory!

I mean spiffing!

Your score is 35,333,890 out of a possible 35,333,890. Your rank is masterful
wonderful adventure of awesomeness.

Give yourself a darn good clap on the back, old fellow.

> quit
Do you really want to quit? [Y/N]
