Loading game...

Return to Dracula's Castle II: Revenge of Dracula's Castle

In 1987, during the great text adventure boon, Infocom released the immortal
classic "Return to Dracula's Castle", a harrowing and sexy text adventure
written and designed by the now infamous Arthur Winslow. The game recieved
critical raves across the board and would go on to sell well over 19 million
copies in it's first week of release. Due to the sudden and enormous success,
Arthur soon found himself thrust into the world of celebrity, a world which
did not suit him at all. He quickly developed severe addictions to alcohol,
cocaine, heroin, peyote, opium, PCP, and paint varnish leaving him in a
constant drugged out stupor. In 1988 Infocom came knocking and demanded he
make a sequel to his hit game, knowing full well of his ridiculous amounts of
addictions and choosing to ignore them. That decision would come back to
haunt them. In late 1988, showing up at their offices wearing nothing but a
stained wifebeater and a massive stovepipe hat, Arthur handed them the disk
which contained his self-proclaimed magnum opus and then prompty died three
seconds later. After playing the awful mess that the drug addled lunatic
handed them, Infocom decided that it was best not to tarnish the memory of
the late designer and buried the only copy of the game in a hole far off in
the Gobi Desert, secluded from man's reach.

Until now. A crew of excavaters recently unearthed the game from it's long
lost tomb and returned it to it's rightful owners, the Natural Text Adventure
Preservation Society, who managed to save the data on the disk which is why
you are here today. That's right, you are about to experience the long lost
text adventure "Return to Dracula's Castle II: Revenge of Dracula's Castle",
Arthur Winslow's so-called magnum opus. Is it a long lost classic or the
final deranged work of a mentally unstable peyote addict?

You are about to find out!

INFOCOM PROUDLY PRESENT...

RETURN TO DRACULA'S CASTLE II: REVENGE OF DRACULA'S CASTLE

WRITTEN BY ARTHUR WINSLOW

BASED OFF AN ORIGINAL IDEA BY ARTHUR WINSLOW

PRODUCED BY ARTHUR WINSLOW

PLAYTESTED BY ARTHUR WINSLOW

DESIGNED BY ARTHUR WINSLOW

"Neither man nor animal, he inhabits the space between. His thirst for blood
can never be quenched, his desire for love can never be fulfilled. He goes by
many names but only answers to one...Dracula."
                                             - Arthur Winslow

It had been 3 years since that fateful night when you returned to Dracula's
castle and pushed him into a vat of boiling lava...3 very long and very
uneventful years where you worked in the service industry. But now here you
were in the back of a carriage heading up the Transylvanian countryside to
return...to return to Dracula's castle...again.

"I'm not going to let you get away this time," you said as you lit up a
cigarette and looked out in slow motion at the castle looming off in the
distance. "Me and you are gonna tango so I hope you brought your dancing
shoes."

You quickly thought of your deceased wife...Maria...gunned down in cold blood
by Dracula with a .44 magnum in a strip mall parking lot. The courts had
found him innocent and he was never convicted of a single charge and for that
he would pay. He'd also pay for being a deadly vampire but mostly because he
gunned down your wife in a parking lot. That was a pretty bad thing to do,
vampire or not.

Suddenly and without warning, a large bat hit the side of the carriage
causing it to do three flips in the air and then skid to a stop on the side
of the road. Ay carumba! You let out a sigh and clenched your fist..."Time to
pay the piper, Dracula" you muttered. "And I'm the piper." A gritty guitar
solo played in the background as you said that last line.

Carriage

You are standing in a tipped over carriage. There is a bunch of luggage
scattered everywhere as well as high powered rocket launcher which leans
against your seat. The door out of the carriage is to the East and through
it's window you can see Dracula's castle off in the distance. That's the
castle where Dracula lives. You should go there and kill Dracula.

> take rocket launcher
You grin and pick up the rocket launcher, firing a few celebratory rockets up
into the air.

> smoke peyote
I'm going to give you a million points for saying that because I like people
who support peyote. Any friend of peyote is a friend of Arthur Winslow.

> e
You move east.

Road to Dracula's Castle

Holy shit! Dracula is in an F-15 Eagle Fighter Jet firing missles at you as
you stand next to the tipped over carriage on the road to his castle! You
could continue North to reach the castle but it's too dangerous because
Dracula's F-15 Eagle Fighter Jet is firing those missles at you. You could
hide West in the carriage because it's safe from jet missles.

> fire rocket launcher at jet
You lift the rocket launcher up and fire it at Dracula's F-15 Eagle Fighter
Jet. It hits the jet's wing and sends it spiralling down, flames shooting out
of the cockpit as Dracula's ejection seat flies out and floats down onto the
top of his castle.

"Dracula!!!!" you scream as the jet hits the ground next to you, causing a
huge and badass explosion that sends you hurtling through a window into
Dracula's castle where you land comfortably on a bed. That was lucky. And
cool. Someone should adapt this into a movie, hint hint.

> push bed
You push the cot out of the way and reveal a trapdoor in the floor
underneath. It must be a hassle for Dracula to move the bed everytime he has
to get under there, it'd probably be easier just to put the cot in the other
corner of the room so it doesn't cover up the door in the floor.

> open trapdoor
Dracula's Recording Studio

You have just stumbled into Dracula's personal recording studio! A large
mixing board dominates half of the room which is filled with a wide variety
of knobs, buttons and levers.   Opposite it is a set of large speakers which
are covered with stacks of tapes, a large cable connects from the speakers to
a guitar in the corner of the room which leans against a ladder that leads
back up to Dracula's bedroom.

> take cable
You take the long piece of cable.

> u
You move up.

Dracula's Bedroom

You are in Dracula's bedroom which is a room where people tend to sleep.
Dracula's cot rests ajar in the corner of the room, a trapdoor leading Down
underneath where it used to sit next to a large poster of famed text
adventure designer Arthur Winslow. A small desk in the corner of the room
holds a typewriter which Dracula uses to answer all of his fan mail and
there's a door to the North which leads deeper into the terrifyingly scary
castle.

> n
You move north.

Destroyed Hallway
Ack! Darn that Dracula! Darn him to heck! The upper hallway of his castle
where you stand has been considerably demolished, most definitely by the
vampire himself in order to prevent you from getting any further into his
home. The stone floor in front of you has crumbled away leaving only some
metallic bars jutting out and a view of the great hall down below . The door
to the South leads back to Dracula's Bedroom.

> tie cable to metal bar
You tie the cable around the metal bar poking out of the demolished cement
making a snazzy little rope to get down. Good job, you!

> climb down cable
You grab a hold of the cable and slide down to the great hall below in a very
cool manner.

The sound of two hands slowly clapping soon distracts you from any other
thoughts. "Well done," Dracula says as he slowly walks out of the shadows
giving you a round of ironic applause. "You have once again returned to my
castle...not many people can do that, you are indeed a worthy adversary."

You pull out your 9mm handgun and hold it sideways with the barrel aimed
straight at Dracula's forehead. "Give me a reason not to blow you away right
here, cochise," you say like a loose cannon with nothing to lose. "I swear to
Ra I'll do it. I'll pump you full of so much lead I'll be able to use your
corpse as a pencil to write down my grocery list."

Dracula grins and in the blink of an eye raises his right hand revealing a
massive .44 magnum pointed in your direction. "A mexican standoff. We both
knew it would end like this."

Your eyes open wide in shock as you see the magnum...it's the same gun he
gunned down your wife with in front of the Kinko's in the strip mall parking
lot! "You son of a B," you scream in mad angry anger. "I'm gonna shoot you
now. You are so shot."

You both pull the trigger on your respective guns at the same time and wait
for the dust to settle to see who was left standing. There was no dust as it
was a surprisingly clean castle so it didn't take long at all. You opened
your eyes and looked down...he had missed. You were fine. Dracula was not so
lucky.

"Argh, a bullet to the stomach, how did you know my only weakness," Dracula
mumbled as he stumbled forward and then fell to the ground. "Come closer...I
have...something I need to tell you..."

You stepped forward and bent down on one knee to hear the dying man's last
words. "I want you to know," he said coughing up some blood. "I'm...your
son."

"Nooooooo!" you screamed as your newly found out son Dracula closed his
eyes...forever. "What a shocking twist! No one saw this coming!" you cried
out as you raised your arms in defeat and then began to cry tears. Tears of
sadness.

THE END?

THANKS FOR PLAYING RETURN TO DRACULA'S CASTLE II: REVENGE OF DRACULA'S CASTLE

THE DESIGNER WOULD LIKE TO THANK THE FOLLOWING PEOPLE: ARTHUR WINSLOW, BRAM
STOKER, THE STAFF AT THE HARD ROCK CAFE IN DETROIT, GOD, CHEECH MARIN, AND
MOST IMPORTANTLY YOU...THE PLAYER...FOR PLAYING.

COMING IN 1990:

RETURN TO DRACULA'S CASTLE III: DRACULA'S CASTLE GOES HAWAIIAN

You scored 1000000 out of the maximum 1000000!
That is 100% of the game!
Well done - you scored maximum points!
