Loading game...

Quest for Food
Dusk falls, and along with many of this dark wood's denizens you begin to
stir, slinking out of your safe, warm home to go again on the eternal quest.

Quest for Food
an interactive raid
press any key to begin

Edge of the Road
You crouch on the edge of a long gravel road, just outside the relative
safety of the dense brush to your west. Loose pebbles shift alarmingly
beneath your paws, and the air is heavy with strange smells. The scent of
humans is strong, as is the rank stench of a dog nearby. But above all,
beckoning to you, is the intoxicating aroma of delicious food, just across
the road to the east.

A particularly shiny pebble has captured the attention of the moonlight.

> take pebble
You take the shiny pebble.

> e
Following your nose, you dash across the road. Then you take a moment, as you
do every night, to stare in awe at the tall, smooth container that rises high
above your head. The food smell is as mouth-watering as ever, (or at least it
would be if you had saliva glands), but something makes you pause...tonight,
something is different. Something is wrong.

> throw pebble at trap
You rear up on your hind legs and regretfully toss the shiny pebble at one of
the traps. There is a loud SNAP! and the trap spins sideways as it goes off,
and then a whole series of them as it's sudden movement triggers the others.

After all the noise you cast a worried glance into the yard, but the dog is
still sound asleep.

> climb fence
Quickly, you scale the fence.

On the Fence
You cling precariously  to the rail on top of the fence. The human's yard is
to the east and the top of the garbage can is to the west.

> w
You move west.

On the Garbage Can
A flat, square platform, offering you just enough room to stand. You nearly
swoon at the thought of all the heavenly delicacies seperated from you by
nothing more than a hinged plastic lid. Though if you can muster the
willpower to leave, the top of the fence is to the east, and you need only to
jump down to reach the edge of the road.

A large, heavy rock is sitting stubbornly on the lid of the can.  A long cord
has been wrapped around and around the handle of the lid, tying it shut.

> chew cord
Your sharp little teeth make short work of the cord, and you lay the remains
beside you on the lid.

> tie cord to rock
You use your nimble little paws to tie one end of the cord to the rock,
letting the other end drape over the fence.

> e
You move east.

On the Fence
You cling precariously  to the rail on top of the fence. The human's yard is
to the east and the top of the garbage can is to the west.

> e
You move east.

Inside the Fence
You peer about nervously, having only rarely actually gone so far as to enter
the yard in the past. The grass here is curiously short and uniform in size,
offering no cover. Across this wide unprotected stretch is the giant
sharp-angled structure the humans stay in, and much nearer to you an enormous
dog snores next to a tree. At your back is the fence, and you reassure
yourself that it only needs to be climbed to reach safety.

A dog is sleeping here.

Also here is a dangling cord.

> tie leash to cord
You deftly tie the ends of the cord and leash together with your nimble (and
adorable!) paws.

> wake dog
You cautiously sneak up to the dog and bit it HARD on the tail. Then you run
like hell.

The dog lets out a yelp and leaps to its feet, barking furiously and charging
after you. This in turn yanks the rock off of the garbage can lid and there
are a few muffled thuds as it bounces along in the grass until it's wrapped
around the tree you're currently being chased around and the cord snaps.

Meanwhile, with the dog literally right on your tail you vault to the top of
the fence in a single leap, then dive onto the road and across it, burrowing
deep into the undergrowth.

A light comes on in the house, and there are a few startlingly loud moments
of yelling combined with the barking before the dog is conveniently taken
inside.

> e
You move east.

Edge of the Road
You crouch on the edge of a long gravel road, just outside the relative
safety of the dense brush to your west. Loose pebbles shift alarmingly
beneath your paws, and the air is heavy with strange smells. The scent of
humans is strong, as is the rank stench of a dog nearby. But above all,
beckoning to you, is the intoxicating aroma of delicious food, just across
the road to the east.

> e
You move east.

Outside the Fence
The smell of human and dog are strong here, but you know from experience that
the humans don't come out of their burrows at this time of night. And the
chain-link fence blocking your path to the east will be ample protection from
the dog, assuming the lazy, half-deaf creature were to even wake up.

Above you the object of your desires rises up out of the tall grass; the
Tower of Leftovers, the Can of Plenty, and the Altar of Food, as it is
variously referred to by the inhabitants of the thicket.

The moonlight catches a gleam of metal from something hidden in the tall
grass.

> climb fence
Quickly, you scale the fence.

On the Fence
You cling precariously  to the rail on top of the fence. The human's yard is
to the east and the top of the garbage can is to the west.

> open lid
With trembling paws, you grip the edge of the lid and flip it open, your nose
twitching in anticipation. The aromas that assail your nostrils are nothing
short of heavenly; old grease, half-rotten vegetables, stale doughnuts, and
somewhere down near the bottom must be a partial open can of tuna. The
entrance to the can is down.

> down
You dive headfirst into the can, easily shredding thin plastic bags with your
claws and blissfully settling down to enjoy a well-earned night of gluttony.
