Loading game...

Raiders of Sheppey

Large Loaded ship
You are at the base of a large ship. Men are working nearby to complete the
caulking of the hull. There are piles of food nearby on a straw mat. The ship
is almost ready to depart!  You can move north, south and west.

> w
You move west.

Pile of food
A great deal of food is spread out on a large straw mat.  Also here is a
pork, a water, a urn, a ale, a wine, a grapes and a bread.  You can only move
east.  You manage to avoid Priest 's attack.  You manage to avoid Leper's
attack.

> drink water
You obtain superstrength.  You manage to avoid Priest 's attack.  You manage
to avoid Leper's attack.  YOu are extremely strong. No one can hurt you right
now!

> e
You move east.

Large Loaded ship
You are at the base of a large ship. Men are working nearby to complete the
caulking of the hull. There are piles of food nearby on a straw mat. The ship
is almost ready to depart!  You have great bulging muscles.  You can move
north, south and west.

> s
You move south.

Ship hull
You are onboard the ship. Several strong men are talking here. There seems to
be enough supplies onboard to last for months. The ship begins to move. You
are going somewhere else!  Also here is a rope.  You have great bulging
muscles.  You can move north, east and west.

> n
You move north.

Shore
You are on a shore somewhere else on the British Isles.   Also here is a
Wishing stone.  Native guide is here.  You can move north, east, south and
west.

> e
You move east.

Pagan ritual site
You have stubbled onto a horrible site. Skeletons are everywhere decorating
the wall around an idol.   You can move north, east, west and in.

> move idol
You are very brave!  A door opens on the idol.

> in
You move in.

Open door
The door to the idol is open.  Also here is a sapphire.  You can move north
and out.

> take sapphire
You are carrying a sapphire sword.

> n
You move north.

Thicket
This area is so overgrown you cannot walk.   Valludu is here.  You can only
move south.

> stab valludu
You are real brave, buddy!
Hurray you have beat the evil monster valludu. You have won the game!
You scored 0 out of the maximum 100!
That is 0% of the game!
You finished 100 points short.

[Press any key to end]
