Loading game...

ESS Chance: Reactor 1

by Justahack
02.22.09
v 1.0
more ...

Introduction
        It's 2392. The Earth Space Ship (ESS) Chance is one of the last
colony ships launched from Earth. It's mission, along with the rest of her
fellow colony ships, is to land on a habitable planet in the Alpha Centauri
system in order to escape the growing inhospitable environment on Earth.
Pollution and a heavy greenhouse affect has run rampant for centuries on
Earth, and at the current rate of degradation, it is predicted that within a
mere handful of years the planet will lose its ability to support all life.
Earth will then become a barren wasteland comparable to its nearby sister
planets.

        While there is much relief aboard the ESS Chance at having escaped an
unavoidable death sentence on Earth, there is much trepidation about the
journey to the Alpha Centauri system. Least of concerns is the length of the
journey estimated to be a minimum of two-hundred years. There will be many
difficult challenges in store for the ESS Chance on its long voyage. Problems
ranging from having to deal with ethical dillemas to potentially having to
deal with mutinous colonists or crew. However, while such complex challenges
seem far in the future, one such challenge has already risen for the ESS
Chance. One that may prove to be fatal. There is a problem with one of the
ESS Chance's nuclear reactors: Reactor 1.

more ...

Gameplay
        Reactor 1 is laid out as something akin to a simulation or scenario.
There are different ways to accomplish the end goal, and the user is free to
pick any method they may find appropriate. However, some methods the user
will find to work in one game may not necessarily work in a new game. Vice
versa, while some methods that may not work in one game, may very well work
in a new game. Keep in mind, there is always a way to reach the end. Enjoy!
more ...

Slowly Waking Up
        It's the blaring klaxon you hear first as you groggily regain
consciousness. Pain wracks every inch of your body, as you awaken face first
on the cold steel floor. You struggle to get back on your feet and survey
your surroundings. ("look") You struggle to remember what happened: the
horrific and jarring explosion at your terminal, but how it happened ...
that, you don't remember.

> look

Engineering Station

This is the Chief Engineer's station; A half-meter booth ordinately fed all
manner of data and readings taken in real time from the Reactor's Den. The
booth's back is facing the Reactor Den, allowing the Chief Engineer physical
view of the on-going reaction within the chamber. Normally, the inside of
this booth would be comprised of shiny buttons, switches, and various
consoles all beeping and blooping in tandem.

However, the recent explosion has caused a large portion of the functioning
widgets to rupture and smoke dangerously. Suffice it to say, a large portion
of this station's monitoring instruments are currently inoperable. The only
thing which seems to have survived the blast is the main computer at the
center of the booth. There is a hatch on the right side of the booth that
seems to lead down through the floor. Also, there is a ladder on the left
side of the booth that leads to a balcony overlooking the Reactor Den. To
access the computer here, type "access computer."

You hear a communications ping coming from the Engineering Station. To answer
the incoming call, type "receive communications" at the Engineering Station.

> receive communications

Chief Engineer Neeson
        The face of a grizzled man in a black naval uniform appears on the
screen. He appears vaguely familiar to you, but you can't quite place him.
The incessant throbbing pain in your head robs you of the momentary
recognition. "Crewman, this is Chief Engineer Neeson! What the blazes is
going on down there?" Chief Engineer Neeson looks around behind you a moment
as he takes in the completely empty Engineer Bay. "... Are you the only one
in Engineering? Where is everyone else? Why are we reading a radiation leak
down there?"

        1)  "Chief ... I ... I don't know what happened. There was some kind
of explosion down here, and I only just regained consciousness."

> 1
Chief Engineer Neeson
"Crewman, we're going to have to deal with your missing shipmates at another
more convenient time. We have more pressing matters!" Chief Engineer Neeson
scowls before continuing. "Right now, we are reading that Reactor-1 is
venting lethal amounts of radiation into the ship. At the rate that Reactor 1
is leaking, everyone on the ship will be glowing green in thirty minutes, and
not in a good way. Suffice it to say, none of us will be alive to compliment
the other on our new mascara." Chief Engineer Neeson looks you squarely in
the eyes.

"That's not all that's going wrong, crewman. This couldn't have been
coincidence, but right now the ship computers are being erratic. We've run a
diagonistics and detected a very contagious polymorphic computer virus that's
running amok and attempting to completely lock us out of all vital controls
pertaining to the reactors."  Chief Engineer Neeson pauses, and looks off
screen a moment, apparently checking a console.

"It looks like you're the only one who can fix this mess for us, as you are
the only one at the Engineering Station. The virus has also managed to engage
a fail safe that isolates the engineering bay you are in from the rest of the
ship. As of right now, you're the only one near the Reactor Den. We're
sending a maintenance team to start cutting a path through the fail safe
doors, but there is no way we're going to be able to reach any system that
will allow us to contain the radiationa leak before Reactor-1 kills us all."

        1) "I understand. What do you need me to do, Chief?"

> 1
Chief Engineer Neeson
"Right, good lad." Chief Engineer nods grimly before continuing. "Well, there
are a number of things you can do to contain the leak. The most desirable
would be to raise the Reactor Shields; Let the radiation leak run its course
in a confined space so that we can later vent it safely. This will allow us
to preserve the reactor and investigate the cause of all this. However," the
Chief Engineer again looks off-screen and pauses a moment before continuing.
"The virus has severely interfered with any and all systems that relate to
safeguarding the reactor. That includes the Reactor Shields. The shields may,
or may not take hold. I don't know for sure."

"If the shields don't work we have another option. We could also try to stop
the reaction by venting cobalt coolant into the reactor den." The Chief
Engineer arches an eyebrow. "I'm sure you remember from your classes dealing
with reactor physics, that all we need to do to stop the reaction from
progressing is to just pump a neutralizing agent into the chamber. In this
case, there is a computer in Engineering that will feed cobalt coolant into
the Reactor Den. That will effectively halt the reaction and with it, the
leak." Chief Engineer Neeson straightens up. "But, again, that system might
have been affected by the virus. I'm not sure if the pumps will obey any
release commands. There's a chance you won't get any coolant into the Reactor
Den. Which leaves us the last option."

"If all else fails, jettisoning the Reactor Den is our only other option. I'd
rather not have to since it's going to make things difficult for the next few
hundred years without a spare reactor, but ... we might not have a choice in
the matter."

                1) "How do I raise the shields?"
                2) "I'm going to try to vent coolant into the reactor den"
                3) "I'm going to jettison the reactor."
                4) "I understand. I'm going to see what I can do."

> 4
Chief Engineer Neeson
"All right, crewman. We'll try to monitor your progress from the bridge. But,
remember, we're very limited in what help we can render. You're on your own
for the most part. Also, remember that the systems I just mentioned may or
may not work. It all depends on how far the virus has progressed through our
system. We'll try to slow it as much we can, but don't count on it."

The Chief Engineer looks at you grimly before nodding. "Ok, then. Good luck,
crewman. Chief, out."

> access computer
Yumikato Corp (c) 2132.
Loading OS from ESS Chance Network.
Booting ...
Engineering Terminal, linked to ESS Chance Network.
All unauthorized access shall be prosecuted.
Authenticating login ...

Welcome, Crewman. What would you like to do today?
<You try to access other commands, but it seems the virus is spreading
faster. You only have one chance at executing the command to raise the
Reactor Shields.>

1) Raise Reactor Shielding

> 1
Quickly and with a cool head, you access the option to raise the reactor
shields. A moment passes, while the computer executes your command. Suddenly
on the screen ...

Computer
Shield PCB Status: Initializing ... did not start!
Shield Bootsector Scanning: Errors found in 69105 terrabyte sectors.
Checking Reactor Status: Warning! Reactor is currently running!
Running Shield Program ... Unable to raise shields!

!!! Raising Shields Failed !!!
Shield status: You do not have the proper privilege to raise the Reactor
Shields. Please contact the nearest Security Officer for detainment and
questioning.

more ...

A moment later, you receive a communique from the bridge. You access the com,
and see the Chief Engineer's face on the screen.

Chief Engineer Neeson
"Well, it was a shot in the dark at best, crewman. You're going to have to
find another way to stop the radiation venting. We're getting reports of
moderate radiatian sickness on board. Chief Engineer, out."
A distant klaxon can be heard blaring its warning ominously, before dying
away.

> u
You move up.

Balcony

This is the balcony overlooking the Engineering Station. The balcony is
nothing more than a glorified scaffold attatched to the Reactor Den's outer
walls. A series of pipes and tubing snake around the top of the Reactor Den,
disappearing into the ceiling and presumably somewhere into the Reactor Den
itself. From here, you're able to observe the on-going nuclear reactions from
the top and also access the cobalt venting mechanisms should they need
repair. To the west is another Engineering station.

> w
You move west.

Balcony Engineering Station

This is the Balcony Engineer's station. From this booth, the Balcony engineer
ensures that various safety devices and backups for the Reactor Den are in
working order. While the station is similar in appearance to the Chief
Engineer's station this booth is nowhere near as prestigious, of course.
Similarily, there appears to be massive damage to the instruments. A majority
of the widgets in here are beyond repair. The only thing left relatively
intact is the computer. To access the computer, type "access computer."
The lights flicker momentarily, dimming at first then slowly regainning
luminance. You speculate the reactor output is becoming erratic.

> access computer
Yumikato Corp (c) 2132.
Loading OS from ESS Chance Network.
Booting ...
Balcony Engineering computer, linked to ESS Chance Network.
All unauthorized access shall be prosecuted. Have a nice day!
Authenticating ...

Welcome, Crewman. What would you like to do today?
<You try to access other commands, but it seems the virus is spreading
faster. You only have one chance at executing the command to release the
coolant.>

1) Release Cobalt Coolant

> 1
A quick glance at the console tells you that the vent mechanism has been
acting erratically. There is a chance that the cobalt coolant valve might not
even have opened. But, you're going to find out soon enough as you enter the
command to start venting the coolant into the Reactor Den.

Computer
Vent PCB Status: Initializing ... done!
Vent Bootsector Scanning: No errors found in 69105 terrabyte sectors.
Checking Valve Embed: Received Embed ACK.
Cobalt Coolant Program ... done! Venting Cobalt Coolant in progress.
Coolant Rate: 1 cubic meter.
Status: No problems currently detected.

!!! Venting Cobalt Coolant Successful !!!
Please vacate the Reactor Den. ESS Chance can not be held responsible for any
mutations, growth defects, cancer, DNA alterations, loss of hair, increase in
undesirable body odour, or loss of IQ caused by long exposure to Cobalt
Coolant. May also cause death. Have a nice day.

more ...

You walk out onto the balcony and sigh in relief as you watch as cobalt
coolant begins flooding the Reactor Den. Just then, you hear a communications
ping from the Engineering Station. Climbing down, you receive the communique
and see the face of the Chief Engineer on the screen.

Chief Engineer Neeson
"Well, it looks like that problem is solved. Good work crewman. When the
Reactor Den is sufficiently filled, that will cause all reactions to stop. We
can then drain the Den, and begin investigations into what exactly caused the
malfunctions. Both in the den and the command lockouts. But, for the moment,
you can relax now. The ship owes you, crewman." The Chief Engineer smiles at
you, as you hear the bridge crew in the background cheer.

Congratulations, You saved the ship!
