Loading game...

Requiem

REQUIEM

An interactive fiction adventure by David Whyld
Written with ADRIFT Version 4, Release 46
Started August 2005; Completed September 2006

(1)        Play the game
(2)        About Requiem
(3)        Special commands
(4)        Game information

> 1

Today

"You'll never get away with this," I say.

The figure standing behind me, the one with the gun pressed against the back
of my head, laughs. "That's what they all say. And you know what, Chris?" The
gun presses harder against my skull. "They're always wrong."

I have a second, perhaps two, to wonder if I should make a move, throw myself
forward, dive to one side, maybe even drop back and try to knock the gun out
of his hand… but a second is too long. I hear a thunderous explosion, I feel
a sudden pain…

… and then I know nothing more …

7 Days Ago

My Office
My office: small, squalid, depressing. It's what is generally referred to as
'workmanlike' meaning no frills. No decorations. Nothing that might alleviate
the general feeling of small/squalid/depressing that hangs over it.

My desk occupies the bulk of the floor space, then there's a filing cabinet
in the corner, then a window, then the coat rack, then the door to the north.
Yes, small and squalid and depressing certainly describe this place to a tee.

> n
I make to leave my office, but the door is already opening.

It's my assistant, Ben. "Got a client for you, boss," he says, and ushers in
the woman who was going to change my life.

She was, and let's not beat about the bush here, stunning. Totally stunning.
She could have stepped from the pages of any Playboy centrefold you cared to
name: blonde, beautiful, curvaceous and, from the way she was dressed, rich.
Very rich. If there was a more desirable woman alive today, I've yet to meet
her.

"Detective," she says, extending her hand to me. "My name is Sophia
Montague." Her accent was hard to place. Dutch? Perhaps Swiss? "I have a
little… problem that I wish for your aid in solving."

[MORE]

Restaurant
The restaurant is a stark contrast to my office: warm, large, decorated. The
staff are smiling and friendly and there is a general feeling of relaxation
hanging over everything.

The table Sophia and I are seated at is near the window, offering a view of
the waterfront. If not for the rain falling, this would be a fine view
indeed.
I didn't often take prospective clients to this restaurant near my office,
but it was nice and clean and the staff were friendly. Three points up on my
office.

I sat Sophia down, ordered us a meal (a third of my week's salary gone in one
go) and proceeded to question her about why she required my services and what
'little problem' she had that needed sorting out.

> talk to sophia
"Tell me why you need my services, Miss Montague," I say.

Sophia frowns, as if unsure where to start. "It is… complicated," she says.
"I…" She frowns again. "Tell me, detective, do you believe in the
supernatural?"

My look of confusion clearly shows on my face as she adds, "I need someone
who believes. Do you?"

1) "Why ask such a question, Miss Montague?"
2) "To be honest, it's not a question I've ever thought much about."

> 1
"Because I need you to find someone for me," says Sophia. "Someone who is...
unusual. Someone who has…" She seems to hesitate over the word. "Powers."

1) "Powers?"
2) "I'm assuming you mean 'powers' as in 'political powers'?

> 1
Sophia nods. "Yes. Powers. Don't look at me like that, detective. I know how
it sounds. Just, for now, trust me, okay?"

I remind myself that she is a client after all. And a paying one.

"Indeed, Miss Montague."

"This person..." She frowns. "This person is evil. What he does is evil. The
way he affects the people around him..."

1) "And who is this person, Miss Montague?"
2) "Have you been to the police about this evil person, Miss Montague?"

> 1
"His name," she says, "is Martin Cairns. I was one of the people he has
affected because of who he is. Because of what he does. And what he did to me
long ago..." She smiles bleakly. "I want you to find the man who killed me,
detective."

[MORE]

I walk her back to her car. I am disturbed by what she had told me to say the
least. To speak to her, you would never guess she was insane. Indeed, she
sounded eerily convincing. Everything she told me seemed so plausible that
there were even a few odd moments when I found myself entertaining the idea
that maybe, just maybe, she wasn't mad after all. That she was telling the
truth. After all, who really knows what happens when we die?

But then common sense reasserts itself and I realise how ridiculous the
notion is. Sophia Montague is mad, clearly, but she isn't dead. She wasn't
murdered. And she hasn't returned as a ghost.

[MORE]

"You will help me, detective?" she says as I open the car door for her.

I want to tell her no. To tell her that she needs to check herself into a
hospital and get herself sorted out.

But I don't. In part, it's her looks. I'm a sucker for a beautiful woman and
Sophia Montague is without a doubt the most beautiful woman I have ever set
eyes upon. I've never been able to resist beautiful women, even when I'm
aware of what I'm getting myself into. And in part it's the fact that, like
every poor schmuck out there, I have bills to pay. And if I don't pay them, I
lose my apartment, my office, my life...

So instead of telling her what I think, and what I'm sure would be the best
course of action for her, I say, "of course I can help you, Miss Montague."

[MORE]

Lounge
My lounge is sparsely decorated: TV, couch and a bookshelf (minus much in the
way of literature). Doorways to the west, northwest, north and northeast lead
to other rooms while my front door is to the south.

I return home, feeling about an inch high. Part of me feels like a prize
schmuck for agreeing to help Sophia when the only help she needs is getting
herself checked into a hospital. But another part of me sees this as a chance
to actually do something worthwhile for someone other then myself.

A chance to start over again and put my past mistakes behind me.

> z
Time passes...

> z
Time passes...

Yes, I feel bad about it. But I'm only human. And, yes, I have bills to pay
just the same as the next guy.

All the same, taking advantage of a woman who is undoubtedly emotionally
disturbed leaves me feeling bad to say the least.

> z
Time passes...

Sophia Montague believes she died a year ago. She was killed: shot to the
back of the head by her former lover. Her body was thrown into the river in a
carpet that was weighted down. It was washed ashore a month later, discovered
by a young couple out walking their dog.

> z
Time passes...

Sophia says she was aware of all of this as it happened. She told me of the
pain she felt when the bullet struck, of the sensation of being wrapped in
the carpet and thrown into the river. Of the water entering her mouth and
she, paralysed (dead) unable to do a thing about it.

It chilled me hearing this, imagining it. Of course, I don't believe her
story for a second, despite what I told her at the time, but she believes it.
When she told me of the torment of lying on the bottom of the river, of the
fish eating her eyes, I felt quite queasy.

> z
Time passes...

And then, suddenly, she was alive again. She awoke in a grimy hotel room,
naked as the day she was born. Her body was unmarked save for a vicious scar
on the back of her head which was at precisely the point where she had been
shot.

> z
Time passes...

Sophia found some clothes and dressed herself. She found her handbag, the one
she had been carrying when she was shot, and took her purse from it. Inside
her purse was no money but a note.

> z
Time passes...

The note was in her handwriting. It said, quite simply, that she had been
given a second chance. She had to 'put things right'.

> z
Time passes...

And so she had come to me. I was to find her former lover. That was all. I
half expected her to ask me to kill him, or beat him senseless, or even
inform the police. But no, I was to find him and tell her where he was. She,
she assured me, would take care of the rest.

> z
Time passes...

I had a name and an old address to go on: Martin Cairns, Apartment 8C,
Barkwood Building, Lower Westside. He wasn't there now - Sophia had checked -
but there might well be a clue I could use to track him down.

I wondered about mentioning that I knew someone called Martin Cairns. It
could be a different person, of course, but something told me it wasn't. In
the end, I kept quiet.

I feel tired. Exhausted. Tomorrow I'll head to the Barkwood Building and see
what I can find out about Martin Cairns. For now? Now I'm in desperate need
of some shuteye.

[MORE]

6 days ago

Outside The Barkwood Building
I've not been to Lower Westside many times but it's a place I'd fancy living
in one day. The apartment buildings are large: skyscrapers almost. They
overlook the river and, on a good day, the view from the upper stories is
quite breathtaking.

The sidewalk stretches away east and west, while the entrance to the Barkwood
Building is to the north.

> n

Barkwood Building: Reception Area
The reception area is expansive, several times larger than it really needs to
be. A flight of stairs and an elevator lead to the upper floors while a bar
over to the east also offers possibilities.

> u
I climb the stairs to the 8th floor.

[MORE]

Outside Apartment 8C
Apartment 8C looks the same as every other apartment here: one plain and
unadorned door in a long corridor of plain and unadorned doors.

> open door
I try the door, expecting it to be locked, but find it open.

Into Apartment 8C I step.

[MORE]

Apartment 8C
Something seems wrong the moment I enter the apartment. It takes me but a
moment to put my finger on it: it's been trashed. There are books and papers
scattered on the floor, the bed has been slashed, the bedside cabinet opened
and its contents thrown all over the place, the window has been smashed,
graffiti has been scrawled on the walls.

> x bed
I check it over quickly, uncovering a small diary almost at once. The diary
has a lock on it, but is currently open.

> e
I step from the room and hurry down to reception. There I report the trashing
of the room. The reception staff seem surprised at first, but when I show
them the room, they immediately call the police.

Seeing no reason to hang around any longer, I leave the hotel and make my way
back to the office.

[MORE]

My Office
My office: small, squalid, depressing. It's what is generally referred to as
'workmanlike' meaning no frills. No decorations. Nothing that might alleviate
the general feeling of small/squalid/depressing that hangs over it.

My desk occupies the bulk of the floor space, then there's a filing cabinet
in the corner, then a window, then the coat rack, then the door to the north.
Yes, small and squalid and depressing certainly describe this place to a tee.

[MORE]

I settle down in my chair, put my feet on the desk, and start to go through
the diary. It's certainly a strange one.

The days aren't numbered chronologically - August 15th might be followed by
June 5th, and Christmas Day is sandwiched between January 8th and 9th. There
are also three times when the date 9th October pops up, although if this
bears any kind of relevance I cannot tell what it might be.

The writing is small and cramped, as if the writer had only a very limited
amount of space to write what they needed to write, and too much information
to relay.

I don't know whose diary this is as there is no name and the handwriting is
unfamiliar to me.

It deals with a strange and varied range of subjects: horror stories the from
the writer's childhood; a haunting; the strange disappearance of a woman
called Jayne; and a man named Giles Dashwood who is said to have "powers both
frightening and mysterious".

[MORE]

The phone rings, interrupting me. It is, unsurprisingly, Sophia Montague
checking up on my progress.

I explain about the hotel and what had happened there. She doesn't sound
surprised.

"I had a feeling this would happen, detective," she says. "Martin fell in
with the wrong crowd and they want him dead every bit as much as I do."

1) "You believe these people are behind his disappearance?"
2) "Who are these people, Miss Montague?"
3) "I found a diary in Mr Cairns' room, Miss Montague. A strange diary. I'd
like to discuss its contents with you."

> 3
"A… diary?" I hear a sound like something breaking. Glass perhaps. "You found
my diary?"

Her diary? I suppose I should have realised. The horror stories, hauntings
and disappearances sound like just the sort of thing a woman who believes she
is really dead might write.

"There's some very… unusual stuff in there, Miss Montague," I say, swapping
'weird' for 'unusual' at the last moment. "What does it have to do with
Martin Cairns? I'd like to meet you to discuss its contents-"

"That… isn't a good idea, detective," says Sophia. "I'm sorry. I don't feel
very… I have to go."

And before I can say another word, she hangs up on me.

[MORE]

Five days ago

The next morning, I read through the rest of the diary. It doesn't make a
whole lot of sense, and even after trying to rearrange the entries into some
kind of chronological order, I'm still at a loss to understand it all. Then
again, there's no reason to assume it makes any kind of sense at all. I'm
guessing it's Sophia Montague's diary and Sophia Montague, as was clear from
the moment I first laid eyes on her, has serious mental problems. Her diary
reads like the diary of a woman who is certifiably insane and ought to be
locked away for her own safety. Not to mention the belief that she is really
dead. There's no reason to assume it should make sense.

I think I need to make a decision.

1) Decide enough is enough. Go to the police and tell them everything.
2) Stick with the case. Sophia is a client after all and it's not like I have
so many of them that I can afford to just go shopping them to the police at
the first hint of craziness.

> 2
In the end, I decide to stick with the case. I'm not too sure I'm making the
right decision, but if I can help Sophia out, I'll at least have achieved
something.

The rest of the day passes pretty much uneventfully. With no other leads
aside from the diary, I read and reread it. No further clues reveal
themselves to me.

[MORE]

Four days ago

When I arrive at the office early the next day, I find a package waiting for
me on the ground outside. I scoop it up, noticing my name scrawled on the
top, and carry it into the office to check out.

[MORE]

My Office
My office: small, squalid, depressing. It's what is generally referred to as
'workmanlike' meaning no frills. No decorations. Nothing that might alleviate
the general feeling of small/squalid/depressing that hangs over it.

My desk occupies the bulk of the floor space, then there's a filing cabinet
in the corner, then a window, then the coat rack, then the door to the north.
Yes, small and squalid and depressing certainly describe this place to a tee.

> open package
I open it, curious as to what I will find inside. The contents are surprising
to say the least.

I take the photographs, police report, medical file and folder out of the
package and sit at my desk to take a better look.

> x photographs
There are several photographs of Sophia Montague in various stages of
undress; in the final one she is completely naked. I notice strange
discolorations on her body: lines of marks that might be bruises across her
stomach, a healed scar on her lower abdomen, a lump across her back that
defies description.

The photographs are posed and she is as beautiful as ever, although I find it
hard to become aroused by them.

> x report
A police mugshot of Sophia, and a sheet of paper indicating what offences she
was charged with: drunk and disorderly, assault, attempted murder… and,
perhaps most tellingly, possession of drugs. A list of previous convictions
indicates many, many charges relating to the possession of drugs. Indeed, she
has even served prison time for possession on two occasions.

> x file
The medical file is a thin report from the Barkington Institute for the
Criminally Insane. It details the treatment received by one Sophia Christine
Montague between 1992 and 1998 when she was committed to the Institute for
attempted murder after believing that her next door neighbour was actually a
living corpse. Apparently she tried to ram a pair of scissors through his
throat and actually wounded a helpful member of the public who intervened.
Whilst committed at the Institute, she raved incessantly about a man called
Martin Cairns who was after her and wanted to kill her. Whether Martin Cairns
was a real person or just a figment of her imagination, no one ever really
knew.

> x folder
The folder contains several scraps of creased paper, words upon each of them.
The words are disturbing: "…voices in my head tell me things…" and "…tell me
to end it…" and "…tell me to kill Martin…" and perhaps worst of all "…tell me
to kill myself…"

[MORE]

I sit at my desk, uneasy over what I have read. That Sophia is disturbed goes
without saying. Then again, when she first spoke to me at the restaurant, it
was obvious from even that brief meeting that she had severe delusional
problems. But I was never quite sure just how far her delusions went. Now I
know. Now-

The door opens and in comes Ben. I can see Sophia behind him.

"Sorry to disturb you, boss," he starts, "but-"

"No, Ben, quite alright." I hastily hide the package and its contents. Best
if Sophia doesn't see it right away. Not till I've had chance to think about
what was in it. "Send her in."

Something is different about Sophia than the previous time I saw her. She
still looks beautiful, but there is a gauntness to her features that was
missing before. One of her lips looks swollen. And, though it might be just
my imagination, she seems to walk with a slight limp.

"We need to talk, detective," she says once Ben has left.

> talk to sophia
Mindful of what I know about Sophia now, I say "tell me what's on your mind,
Miss Montague."

"I received a visit last night." She sits down and undoes the top two buttons
of her coat. A row of wounds distort the skin at the top of her neck. Some of
the wounds look inflamed. "From Martin Cairns. I think he knew I sent someone
to find him and he…he wasn't pleased."

I lean forward in my seat. "He did that to you?" Or did she do it to herself?
Is self harm one of her many delusions?

Sophia nods. "Yes. I passed out after a while and he was gone when I awoke."

"Have you gone to the police?"

Sophia shakes her head and stifles a sob. "…no…"

> talk to sophia
"Tell me where to find Martin Cairns," I say.

Sophia looks at me. "Why? Are you going to hurt him?"

"No worse than he hurt you."

"You don't know what he's capable-"

"Tell me where he is."

Sophia hesitates for a second, then gives me an address. I know the place.
It's down by the waterfront.

"How do you know he's there? He wasn't at the Barkwood Building like you
said."

"He was there, but he..." She hesitates, then adds, "I think he sensed you
were coming."

I start to ask her how she could know such a thing, but decide this isn't the
time.

"And if I go to the waterfront, he won't know I'm coming?"

"I... hope not." Sophia swallows painfully. "He was there last night,
detective. That's where he took me. Where he did this to me..." She looks at
me. "What are you going to do?"

Which, of course, is the big question.

[MORE]

Waterfront
I'm by a warehouse on the waterfront. A cold rain is falling, wetting the
ground and yours truly. The warehouse is before me to the north while a
pathway leads away from the warehouse to the east and west. The sea stretches
away into the distance to the south.

The waterfront seems deserted. Good. I check the gun I have with me, take a
deep breath, and hope I don't have to use it.

> n
I walk towards the warehouse.

[MORE]

Warehouse
The warehouse is dark and empty. The smell of meat hangs in the air,
indicating this place was once used to store food of some kind. But that was
a long time ago. Several empty shelves line the walls and there is a
collection of old boxes stacked haphazardly in the middle of the floor, but
other than that the warehouse is remarkably empty.

As I look around the warehouse, I wonder if I have been misled. This clearly
isn't where someone is living (aside from, maybe, a few squatters). If Martin
Cairns was ever here, he's long since left.

> s
As I turn to leave, the door opens and a man steps inside. He doesn't see me
at first but when I say, "Martin Cairns," he looks up at me and his eyes
narrow.

"What the hell do you want?"

"We have a mutual friend," I say. "Or, in your case, 'friend' isn't perhaps
the right word."

He frowns again. "Get out of my warehouse, friend. Now. You got no business
being here."

> shoot martin cairns
And with a single shot, it's all over for Martin Cairns.

I stand there for a while afterwards, staring down at the body, aware of
smoke curling slowly from the barrel of the gun. I've just killed a man, I
think numbly. A man who beat Sophia. But is that any kind of justification
for murder?

I dispose of the gun in the sea, throwing it as far as I can. Afterwards I
wonder if that was such a clever move. What happens if the police trawl the
harbour and find it there? What if they trace it back to me? Of course,
there's nothing I can do about it now.

I dispose of the body in the same way: pushed into the sea. It floats for a
while until, finally, it begins to sink. When it is gone, I leave the
waterfront and return to my apartment to think over what I have done.

[MORE]

Sophia doesn't answer when I call her and I'm wary of leaving a message. The
full import of what I did today is finally beginning to sink in and I'm
feeling more than a little regretful over the way events turned out. I didn't
go the waterfront with the intention of killing a man (at least, I don't
think I did...) but that's just what I did.

I sit and watch TV but find myself unable to concentrate. It's barely ten pm
but I feel shattered. A good sleep, that's what I need. It's what I'm aching
for. But it's unlikely in my current state of mind I'm going to get any sleep
for a long time...

[MORE]

I roll out of bed, blinking myself awake. Did I hear a sound? From somewhere
in my apartment? Is that what woke me?

I pad to my bedroom door, arming myself with a baseball bat as I do just in
case there is really someone here.

> s

I step into the kitchen, ready and prepared for anything that might happen.
But not, it seems, prepared enough. The figure with the crowbar steps from
behind the door and hits me over the back of the head.

I am unconscious before I hit the floor.

[MORE]

I come to, tied to a chair, naked, in the middle of my kitchen. Standing
before me is none other than Martin Cairns.

"It hurts," he says. He points to a hole in his forehead, crusted with dried
blood. "You any idea how much it hurts, Chris?"

My mouth is probably hanging open as I stare at him in disbelief. I shot him.
I shot him in the head. I killed him. And yet here he is, standing before me,
very much alive.

"Think you know what's going on, pal?" says the man I thought I had killed.
"You don't know nothing. Nothing!"

1) "Are you really Martin Cairns?"

> talk to cairns
The man gives a croaking laugh. "What do you think, Chris? You got real up
close when you fired that gun at me." He leans close to me, the ghastly hole
in his head level with my right eye. "Do I look like Martin Cairns?" He
stands up. "Now, you and me are going to have a question and answer session.
I'm going to ask you where that bitch Sophia is and you're going to tell me.
Or we'll see how you like a hole in your freaking head. Got that-"

A noise in another room draws his attention for a second. He starts towards
the door, glances back at me and checks my restraints are secure, then heads
from the room.

I have to move fast. He could be back at any moment.

> break chair
Knowing I only have moments, I rock back on the chair. It doesn't tip over at
first I rock again and again-

And then it's tipping over.

I brace myself for the impact-

Which shatters the chair underneath me!

I hear footsteps in another room. Frantically I scrabble for the baseball bat
which I can see in one corner. Snatching it up, I ready myself. Cairns will
be here any second.

> listen
I hear sounds coming from my bedroom.

> e
I step from the kitchen into the lounge, fully expecting to meet Cairns. But
instead I hear footsteps from my bedroom. A second later, the door comes
flying open and out charges Cairns. I hit him with the baseball bat, a blow
right across the face that drives him back into the wall.

But Cairns shrugs the blow off as if it barely even bothers him. He evades my
second blow and darts around me, moving with surprising speed and agility for
such a large fellow.

"This ain't over, Chris," he says, blood dribbling from his mouth where I hit
him. "Not by a long shot."

Then he turns and walks away. Even after I hear the front door close behind
him, I'm not convinced he's really left and I don't stop shaking until I've
managed to free myself and retrieve my gun.

[MORE]

I leave my apartment, eager to be out of there in case Cairns comes back. I
try to ring Sophia several times but get no signal. Then, just as I'm nearing
my office, my mobile rings.

It's Sophia.

"We need to meet, detective," she says before I can get a word out. She reels
off an address. "Meet me there as soon as you can and I'll tell you
everything I know."

And then she hangs up before I can ask any questions. I tap a few numbers
into the phone but she has withheld the number.

[MORE]

Sidewalk
A busy sidewalk with people pushing past me on all sides.

I find myself presented with a number of possible directions: east to where
Sophia wishes to meet me, any other direction will take me away from her.

> e
An old friend of mine, dead almost a decade now God rest his soul, once told
me that when a detective takes on a case, he sees that case through to the
end. "Through hell and high water" he said. Well, I listened to his advice
then and I'm going to listen to it now.

I head east to the Plaza to meet with Sophia.

[MORE]

The Plaza
The Plaza - the bustling heart of the city. When I was married, I came here
often with my wife. We came shopping, to sit in cafes and talk, to look at
all the expensive things we could never hope to afford, to think about our
dreams... Of course, all that ended on the day she walked out on me and now,
well, I have little reason to visit it these days.

I see Sophia straightaway, standing by a hot dog stall. She looks paler than
before, her eyes hidden by thick sunglasses. She looks up as I approach and
takes my hand.

There are hundreds of people around us rushing back and forth, loaded up with
bags of shopping as if today was the last shopping day of their lives. Right
now, I envy someone whose biggest concern is having enough time to go
shopping.

Sophia pulls me into the doorway of a closed shop. "We can talk here.
Hopefully without Martin knowing anything is going on."

1) "Tell me the truth about Martin Cairns. Tell me how come he ended up at my
apartment yesterday after I killed him."

> 1
"I didn't tell him, if that's what you're asking."

"I wasn't."

"He…" Sophia shakes her head. "In a way, maybe I did tell him. Oh, don't give
me that look, Chris. Martin is unusual. He has… powers, you'd call them. He
can read my mind."

"All the time?"

"Not all the time. Just now and then. Bits here and there. When I'm stressed,
he says he can read me like an open book. And with Martin around, I'm
generally stressed all the time. I think…" Sophia looks around before
answering, making sure that there is no one near to us. "I think he might
have picked up your location from my mind."

1) "How come you knew where I lived? I never told you."
2) "I'm not sure how much of this I believe, Sophia. Do you really expect me
to believe Martin Cairns is psychic? That he can read your mind?"

> 1
"You were thinking about your apartment when I first met you, how you needed
to get someone in to fix the roof."

"You're telling me you can read minds?"

"Yes. Martin showed me how." Sophia sighs. "Do you want a demonstration?
Proof that I'm telling you the truth and not a pack of lies? Think of a
number, Chris. Any number."

1) Think of a number.
2) Pretend to think of a number.

> 1
No sooner have I thought of the number 95 - the number of the house I grew up
in - than Sophia says, "95".

I stare at her, wondering if I heard right.

"The number of the house you grew up in," she says. "And right now you're
wondering if you mentioned that to me at some point or if I could have found
out. No, you didn't mention it to me. Yes, I could have found out. But,
Chris, what are the odds that I would decide to pick 95 in case that, out of
all of the numbers in the world, was what you were thinking?"

I'm not sure how to answer that so I keep quiet.

"You want more proof? Okay. What was your first girlfriend's middle name?"

No sooner has she asked the question than her name-

"Lisa," says Sophia.

-pops into my mind.

"Maria Lisa Stedman. Pretty little brunette. Told you she was a virgin and
you believed her. Still do in fact." Sophia looks me in the eye. "Is that
enough proof for you? Given time, I can tell you everything about you there
is to know."

1) "Fair enough. I believe you. But what do we do about Martin Cairns."
2) "Any of that information you could found out from other sources."

> 1
Sophia breathes a sigh of relief. "Thank heavens for that," she says,
clutching my arm. "Let me tell you everything I know of Martin Cairns and
then… then we can decide what we're going to do about him."

I'm not sure I care for the way she says 'decide what we're going to do about
him'. Kill him? Is that what she intends? I open my mouth to voice a protest,
or simply point out that that wasn't what I meant when I said I trusted her,
but I sense now isn't the time. Sophia is fragile. Oh so very fragile. I show
her any hint that I think she's crazy and she might well leave and I'll never
see her again.

[MORE]

"Martin Cairns," Sophia begins, "is… different than other people. I don't
know all the things he can do or just what he's capable of but what bit I do
know… well, it scares me.

"We were lovers, about ten years ago. He was kind to me at first. Charming,
funny, the perfect gentlemen. He wanted to be a writer but I read some of his
stuff and, unfortunately, it wasn't very good. Martin knew this, too, and
even though I tried to convince him that he had what it took to succeed, he
knew he didn't. I think he resented me in the end for not telling him how bad
his writing really was. He turned to drink. And then he turned to… other
things."

Sophia shivers. "He brought someone home one night. A strange man, tall and
thin and pale. He looked like he hadn't had a good meal in years. They sat up
late into the night talking and when I came down in the morning, Martin was
there. The man had gone. Martin had slit his wrists because, he said, the man
told him it was a test of his faith. He was actually sitting there in a
puddle of his own blood and smiling calmly as he bled.

[MORE]

"I wanted to call an ambulance but Martin wouldn't let me. He even threatened
to hit me when I went to call one anyway. In the end, I just waited. I think
I decided that eventually he'd become too weak to stop me and then I'd call
an ambulance, but he didn't become weaker. The blood stopped flowing. Martin
showed me his wrists. The cuts had sealed themselves up.

"After that, Martin changed. He became obsessed. He tried telling me about it
sometimes but it… it scared me. I didn't want to listen. This made him angry
and sometimes he… he hurt me…"

1) "The man Martin brought home. Do you know his name?"

> 1
"He told me once, but I don't remember. Bashwood? Mashwood? Something strange
like that. I only met him the one time and after that I don't think he ever
came round our house, or at least I never saw him if he did. I don't know how
much contact Martin had with him after that first time but it changed him. It
changed my Martin."

1) "What happened after that?"

> 1
"I left Martin. I waited till he was out one day and then I packed a bag and
left him. I got a taxi across town to the bus depot and…" Sophia gives a
bitter smile. "He was waiting for me. He said he'd read it in my mind that I
was going to leave him. He took me home. I didn't even try to resist him. He
took me home and… and…"

She trails off.

"Eventually I got away from me. I don't know how many times it took - five,
six, a dozen. He caught me every time I tried, even when I made an effort not
to actively think about leaving him. Once I even tried calling the police
only to find he'd cut the phone lines the previous day because he knew I
would try it. But I got away from him in the end."

1) "How?"

> 1
Sophia gives me the same bitter smile again. "He killed me." She turns to me
and taps the back of her head. "Feel it."

Gingerly I touch her head. There is a lump there. And some kind of scar.

"Martin shot me. He shot me and threw me in the river and I died and then,
several months later, I lived again."

I withdraw my hand.

Sophia turns back to me. "You don't believe me." She says it as a statement
not a question. "Neither did I at the time, but it happened all the same.
Whatever Martin has, he infected me with it. It's like a disease."

I involuntarily find myself taking a step back. "Is it contagious?"

Sophia steps towards me. "I don't know. Maybe. I don't understand how it
works, whether it can be passed to other people by a simple touch or whether
it needs something else."

1) "Have you passed it to me?"
2) "What are we going to do about Martin?"

> 1
"There's one simple way to find out, Chris. Shoot yourself. That'll answer
all your questions."

I stare at her.

She stares back.

Finally she says, "but no, I don't think you have it. There's no easy way of
telling, of course, and the only positive way I know is far too risky. You'll
just have to hope you're okay."

"And there's no cure?"

"None Martin ever told me of."

1) "What are we going to do about Martin?"

> 1
"Kill him."

As simple as that.

"But you said he couldn't be killed."

Sophia nods. "Not as you could. Not easily. But shoot him. Then burn his
body. Not even Martin could survive something like that."

She makes it sound like an easy task. Shoot a man. Burn his body to ashes.

"I can't do this alone, Chris. I need your help."

Sophia takes a step away from me.

"I'm going to go and wait on the east side of the Plaza. Think about what
I've said then come to me if you're still willing to help. I'll give you ten
minutes then, if you haven't shown up, I leave."

She steps out of the shop doorway and makes her way through the crowd. She
seems stronger than before, as if having told me of her burdens she has
somehow lightened them.

> e
There is a definite look of relief on Sophia's face as I reach her on the
east side of the Plaza. She takes my hand and kisses me. "Let's go to your
apartment," she says.

"You said my apartment wasn't safe from Martin-"

"It isn't. But he'll find me wherever I go sooner or later. It's time to make
a stand."

And with those words, we go to my apartment.

[MORE]

It has been wrecked. That much is apparent from the moment I see the front
door is open and the lock broken.

"Is he here?" I ask, hesitating.

Sophia shakes her head. "No. But he was recently. And he'll back soon. We
need to prepare."

We enter the apartment.

[MORE]

The lock on my front door is smashed beyond repair and now it is too late to
call out a repairmen, but I do my best to secure it anyway.

"Martin might not come through the door," says Sophia.

"He can walk through walls?"

It was meant as a joke, but from her expression I gather he might well be
able to do that.

"What do we do now?" I ask. "Wait?"

She nods. "Wait."

I load my gun up and offer it to her. She refuses, insisting I'm better to
keep it. She takes a knife from the kitchen. Then we wait.

[MORE]

I blink and open my eyes.

Until that moment, I hadn't even been aware that I had fallen asleep. I curse
under my breath and prop myself up.

"You should have woke me, Sophia," I say. "I fell asl-"

That's when I stop. Sophia is no longer by my side.

> s

Kitchen
Cairns really seems to have done a number on my kitchen, smashing practically
everything in here. My fridge, cupboard, washing machine and cupboard are no
more, and even the sink hasn't escaped his attention. Doors are to the north
and east.

> e

Lounge
Even before the vandalism, my lounge was never the most lavishly decorated of
rooms. Now the sad remains of my TV litter the floor, my couch has been
slashed and the bookshelf broken apart. Doorways to the west, northwest,
north and northeast lead to other rooms while my front door is to the east.

> n

Spare Room
The spare room seems to have been the only one in my apartment that has
escaped Cairns' maniacial vandalism. Unfortunately there's nothing much in
here anyway. Doors are to the east and south.

> e

Bathroom
As empty though it is, even my bathroom hasn't escaped vandalising. The side
of the bath is dented and the toilet has been cracked. Doors are to the west
and southwest.

I've searched my entire apartment and Sophia isn't here. Neither is Martin
Cairns. I'm not sure what to make of this. Has he somehow crept into my
apartment and spirited Sophia away? But if he could do that, why would he
leave me alive? Or has Sophia gone with him of her own accord?

One thing is for certain: I'm not going to find her in here.

> sw

Lounge
Even before the vandalism, my lounge was never the most lavishly decorated of
rooms. Now the sad remains of my TV litter the floor, my couch has been
slashed and the bookshelf broken apart. Doorways to the west, northwest,
north and northeast lead to other rooms while my front door is to the east.

> e
I open the front door and step out. I can't lock it behind me due to the
broken lock but I close it as securely as I can. Then I make my way down the
steps to the lobby and out into the street.

[MORE]

Street
The street outside my apartment building is pretty much deserted at this time
of night. Just a few drunks making their way home, a homeless man sitting by
a dumpster and several cars parked in the glow of a street lamp. The street
runs east and west with the lobby of my building to the south.

> talk to homeless man
I query the homeless man on whether he saw anyone leave my building earlier.

"Dunno," is his reply. His breath reeks of cheap liquor. "I don't think so
good on a dry stomach."

I check my pockets and find I have nothing but change.

> give loose change to homeless man
I hand him the change. It's barely a dollar in total but he looks at it as if
it's a fortune.

"Seen some fellow earlier," he says, gesturing vaguely at my building. "Big
fellow. Weird looking. Had this woman with him."

I describe Sophia.

"That was her," says the man. "Pretty thing. Bit skinny for my tastes. Didn't
look none too happy to be with the other fellow. Say, he her boyfriend or-"

"Did you see which way they went?"

He scratches his head with one grimy finger then nods to the west. "Think it
was that a'way."

> w

Street
The street curves away to the west, eventually rising slightly with the lie
of the land. I am alone here.

> w

Street
The street curves to the west of me, turning northwards after a way. To the
east it is as straight as an arrow.

> w

Street
Silhouetted in a street light some distance to the north, I catch sight of
two people. A man and a woman. They appear to be arguing.

> n

Street
I stand under a street light which sheds a pale luminence on this forbidding
evening. Of Sophia Montague and Martin Cairns I see no sign, although empty
streets lead away in the four main compass directions.

> x street light
The street light itself is unremarkable, of similar appearance to many
thousands scattered randomly around the city. At some point in its life, it
has received a considerable knock and leans at an angle, pointing ever so
slightly to the west.

> w
As I hurry to the west, I notice a brief flickering, as if seen out of the
corner of my eye, but when I turn my head it is gone. Confused over what this
might be, I pause... then a scream from the west draws my attention once
more.

Sophia!

I abandon whatever the flickering was and run in the direction of the scream
as far as I can.

[MORE]

Street
The street reaches an abrupt end ahead of me. Abrupt? That barely describes
it. The street just ends. There is a gaping void where there should be solid
ground, and beyond that... nothing.

"It's come to this has it, Chris?" says Martin Cairns. He stands with Sophia,
one hand holding her by her hair. The other has a gun pointed at me. "Ready
to throw away your life for this bitch?"

I glance around, not understanding any of this. Is it really happening? Am I
hallucinating? Is this Cairns' doing?

"Leave me, Chris!" Sophia cries. "Just get out-"

Cairns strikes her hard across the face, knocking her to one side.

"Speak when spoken to," he says, "or not at all. Now you-" he looks at me and
smiles "-how are we going to play this out?"

> talk to cairns
"Let her go, Cairns," I say. "This is between the two of us."

Cairns laughs. "Between the two of us? Hardly, Chris. This has nothing to do
with you. You're just a pawn in a game you don't even understand. That you
can't understand. You're about an inch away from losing your life and your
soul and you know the best thing about it? You don't even realise this has
been a trap all along."

"Don't listen to him!" Sophia cries. "Chris, he's-"

Again, Cairns hits her. Sophia sags and almost falls.

"A trap, Chris," repeats Cairns. "What, you think out of all the detectives
in this crummy city she came to you?"

"I don't know what you mean."

Cairns gives me an almost pitying look. "No, you don't, do you."

> talk to cairns
"Tell me what you meant about it being a trap," I demand.

Cairns looks at Sophia and laughs. "I ought to let her tell you really. After
all, it was her idea." He shakes Sophia roughly then looks back at me. "I
know about your past, Chris Standler. I know about the time you served in
prison. I know why you were once a damn good detective but you're now running
a crummy two-bit business which barely makes ends meet. I know," he adds,
"that if you were to up and disappear, no one would even bother looking for
you."

I feel my throat go dry. I take a step towards him but Cairns jerks the gun
at me and I step hastily back.

"Everything happens for a reason," says Cairns. "That sound kind of poetic to
you, Chris?"

I say nothing.

"It's what you said, isn't it?" He stares at me, his eyes boring into mind.
"The day you killed that girl?"

[MORE]

I hadn't always been a private detective, of course. Once, ten years ago or
maybe a little more, I had been a detective with the police. I had a bright
future ahead of me. I was going places.

But a single wrong move can ruin even the best and brightest of careers...

[MORE]

Outside The Bank
The front doors of the bank have been barricaded from the inside. All that
can be seen from my vantage point behind the police cars are the movements of
one of the robbers as he paces back and forth beyond the doors. The others
are deeper inside the bank, hidden from view. Along with their hostages.

Hashing Avenue, at this time of day, is usually all but deserted but today
there are perhaps two hundred people here, crowding up against the police
barrier in order to catch a glimpse of the events unfolding.

The street runs east and west while the front doors of the bank are to the
north.
Carl Marrington, my second-in-command, is here.

> talk to carl marrington
"What's the situation?" I ask.

"Four robbers as far as we can tell: one visible just beyond the doors, the
other three hidden elsewhere in the bank. They've blacked out the windows and
disabled the security cameras. No demands made as yet but shots were heard a
while back. We think one of the security guards might have tried to be a hero
and took a bullet for his trouble."

"Any ID on the robbers?"

"None. They're masked. How do you want to play this?"

Which is, of course, the big question.

"Plan one: we burst in there and take the place by force. Risky, but if
they've already killed a security guard there's nothing to say they won't
kill another. Plan two: we wait till they make their demands and see what
happens then. Plan three: we try to bargain with them. Plan four: we wait.
Let 'em grow edgy and see what happens."

> plan two
The robbers' demand, when they come, are simple in the extreme.

They want me to enter the bank, alone and unarmed.

"Did they say why?" I ask.

Marrington shakes his head. "Just asked for you."

"As the senior officer here or-"

"They asked for you by name. Christopher Paul Standler." Marrington frowns.
"You know more about this than you're letting on, chief?"

I ignore him. Marrington shrugs and walks away.

The front doors of the bank loom before me.

> n
I step into the bank.

[MORE]

Bank: Entrance
Normally the entrance to the bank would be unremarkable in the extreme, yet
today all that has changed. There are people hudded here - bank employees and
customers - and a man with a gun, his face masked, watching over them. The
main area of the bank is to the north while south takes me outside.

"Head into the manager's office," says the robber. "Don't look around, don't
get any funny ideas, don't try to be a hero. And you might, just might, get
out of this in one piece."

"I'm not going anywhere till I know the hostages are okay," I say. I can feel
sweat dripping down my back and wonder if I sound as scared as I feel.

The robber shrugs. "Boss' orders are to shoot a hostage if you turn away or
cause us trouble or don't do what he says. I'm all for killing in cold
blood." This is delivered matter of fact. "Don't bother me who I shoot."

"You shoot anyone, you'll never get out of here alive."

Another shrug. "So?"

> n

Bank: Main Area
More customers are here, in the main area of the bank, lined up against the
far wall like prisoners of war about to face the firing squad (an idea which
I hope will not become a reality today). A couple of masked men stand guard
over them, guns at the ready. To the northwest is the vault, the east the
manager's office and south the entrance.

> e

I step into the manager's office. A mask-wearing robber sits at the manager's
desk, a girl of perhaps seven or eight years sat in his lap. A gun is pointed
to the back of her head.

"Hello again, Chris," says the man. "Remember me?"

"You'll never get away with this," I say.

His face is masked but I fancy I see a smile all the same. "That's why they
all say. And you know what, they're all wrong."

He reaches up and removes the mask.

"Take a seat, Chris," says Martin Cairns. "We've got a lot to discuss."

[MORE]

I need to say something, to get back in control of the situation. I am in
control, of course. All I need to do is shout the codeword into the mike
hidden in my collar and the police will storm this place. Cairns and the rest
of his gang will be dead within five minutes.

1)  Tell him this.
2)  Tell him to let the girl go.
3)  Decide enough is enough. Shout the codeword into the mike and have Cairns
and his men killed.

> 1

"Go ahead," says Cairns. He pushes the gun into the side of the little girl's
head, making her cry. "See if your men can reach me before I pull the
trigger. What do you think, honey?" he says to the girl. "Think the nice men
will make it?" He looks at me. "I dare you, Chris. Show me what a bad ass you
can be. Call your men."

1)  Do it.
2)  Tell him to let the girl go.
3)  Ask him what he wants.
4)  Shoot the girl.

> 3
"I want to live forever."

I stare at Cairns as he says the words. He seems perfectly serious.

"I'm sure we all want to live forever, Cairns," I say, "but-"

"And I've found a way." Cairns nods to himself. "Oh yes. I have indeed. I met
a man, y'see. A very strange and unusual man. He calls himself Giles
Dashwood. He's two hundred and five years old. He's-"

1)  "He's insane. Or he's lying to you."
2)  Let him continue.

> 2
"-an amazing fellow. He really is. He's taught me so much and yet, now, he's
cut me free to take the next step on my own. Now, to business. Y'see, Mr
Dashwood explained a thing or two to me about the whole process of
immortality. About living forever."

I have a sudden urge to rub my eyes and see if I can wake up. Here I am
having a conversation with a bank robber about living forever. It seems
ludicrous.

"A life for a life," says Cairns. "That's what he said. A life given
willingly to someone else can live. It releases the necessary power for it
all to work."

"You're making no sense-"

"I'm making perfect sense!" he shouts suddenly. "Perfect sense. Damnit,
Chris! Why can't you understand that?" He takes a deep breath and seems to
calm down. "One has to die willingly so another can live forever. That's the
way it goes. And here," he gestures around, "we have the perfect setup."

1)  "You expect me to kill myself for you? Are you out of your mind?"

> 1
"Not at all." Cairns places the gun against the little girl's head. "I'm
deadly serious."

I feel myself go cold. "Let her go."

"I intend to." Cairns runs his hand through the girl's hair. She whimpers.
"Just take out your gun, place it to your head, and shoot yourself. Then I
surrender. The girl lives. Everyone here lives. As simple as that."

"You'll never let her go-"

"Oh, but I will. I want to live forever," says Martin Cairns. "Nothing else
matters."

I believe him. I really do. The man's a deluded psychopath but I think he's
telling the truth. I kill myself and everyone else lives. It seems so simple.

1)  Do it.
2)  Tell him there's no way that's going to happen.
3)  Rush him.
4)  Shout the codeword into the mike and end this.
5)  Shoot the girl.

> 5
Out of all the actions I could take right now, the worst possible one is the
one I choose.

Why?

Because it's the one action Martin Cairns doesn't anticipate.

I see his eyes go wide as I draw my gun, raise it and point at the little
girl's head. I see her realise what I am going to do and start to struggle. I
see open his mouth to say anything-

I fire.

At the last moment, I turn ever-so-slightly. The bullet actually clips the
girl's head, cutting her scalp and making it bleed, before burying itself in
Martin Cairns' chest. He staggers back. One hand grabs hold of the chair he
was sitting on and he tries to steady himself but my second bullet catches
him square between the eyes. He is dead before he hits the floor.

Shouts come from all over the bank as the other robbers realise what has
happened. I grab the girl and throw her down behind the desk then shout the
codeword into my hidden mike and just hope my men can get in here before the
robbers-

[MORE]

My thoughts return to the street where Martin Cairns waits with a gun to
Sophia Montague's head. Only now, of course, the situation has changed.
Cairns is lying on the ground, a bullet hole between his eyes, another in his
chest.

"What happened…" says Sophia. "He just fell… but you didn't shoot him-"

"I did," I say as I go to her. "A long time ago." I nudge him with my foot.
Cairns makes no response. But he has been dead for almost ten years so
there's no reason why he should. "He just took a long time to die."

I lead Sophia away from the street which, as we walk, reverts to normal. She
has a thousand and one questions and I have no real answers to give her. I
have questions of my own for her. Did she conspire with Martin Cairns to trap
me into giving up my life so that either he or she could live forever? Was
she a helpless victim or a willing accomplice?

But I don't ask any of those questions now. I simply take her home. Tomorrow
can be a time for questions and answers. Tonight I have a lot to think over.

[MORE]

Requiem has ended. Well done - you have reached the game's best ending.

But there are other endings to the game. If you want to have another go,
simply type restart to try again, load to restore a previously saved game
position or undo to reverse the last move.

> quit
Do you really want to quit? [Y/N]
