Loading game...

Rift

        It was the middle of summer, and the air was cold as can be. In a
small steel room, he sits in a chair and screams.

Steel Room
You appear in a small steel room. There are no windows or doors and as you
look around the walls seem to close in on you. A man with a metal blindfold
around his eyes and tape stuck to his mouth is squirming in a steel chair.

> move
Move what?

You wake up and rub your eyes. Flashing before your eyes is a small steel
room, but it quickly fades from your mind.

        "Must have been a dream..."

        As you rise from your bed, and take a step you trip over something
and fall to the cold hard ground.

        "Dammit, i can already tell this sure is gonna be a great day..."

        You get up and look behind you, seeing that a few floorboards are
loose and propped up.

        "How did that happen, well i better examine em..."

Your Room
Your room is pretty barren. Your not really interested in much except video
games. To the east is your bed, and at the foot of it is a huge chest full of
games. To the left is a huge tv (you got it with your own money, it's the
only thing you ever saved up for) Hooked up to it is your Ps2, and Xbox. Off
to the side is various other consoles. On the ground a few of your
floorboards are loose, you might want to fix them.

> x the floorboards
You kneel down and check out the floorboards. Before setting them down, you
pick them up and look under them. To your surprise, a room is down there. A
laboratory of sorts... You can see tons of computers.

        "What the..."

You hop down to the room below.

Lab
Looking around you can see numerous computers whirring about. The walls look
very thick and blank. The center of the room however, is a large capsule-type
thing with a seat and many buttons inside. You feel at home in this room,
like you were born to be in it. Or... like you have been in it before. You
can go up to your room.

> x the machine
As you walk towards the machine, images flash before your eyes of different
worlds. Odd people, different species, all talking to you. Looking at you...

Then, it all comes back to you. The man in the chair... you. The men that
walk out of the machine, is it this machine? He was you... your house... this
was his dream...

        "Someone walked out of the machine?"

You walk inside and look around. A panel of different numbers lie next to a
small screen. A date is set to it.

                                5/22/20

        "Is this... a time machine?"

A large green button is next to the screen titled "go". The machine begins to
buzz and electricity surges throughout the machine. Invoulantarily your hand
moves to the big green button.

                                        "go"

Thanks for playing this intro. I hope you like it and if you really do maybe
i'll make it into a full game!

END, for now.
