Loading game...

Rolling the Dough

(a very rushed game) by Richard Otter

[Written for the The Hourglass Competition - 3rd Three Hour Comp 2006]

Just one more drink they said, just one more. If only it had been only one
more! If only it had been only one more bar.

So, it is now late, very late. No that is not true, it is early, very early.

You promised your wife, Miriam, you would back hours ago. You promised her
last time that you would never stay out drinking all night again.

You have finally managed to get home and are now starting at the front of
your house.

Hopefully she is asleep, so can you get to bed without waking her?

WARNING: This game contains sudden death.

[Press ENTER to start]

Front of your house
The front of your house is as depressing as any other part of the property.
Made from cheap and mostly poor quality materials it is a wonder it still
stands. To the north is the front door. On the right hand side of the door is
a drainpipe which passes your bedroom window above.

> unlock door with keys
You unlock your front door with your keys.

> open door
You open your front door.

> n
You move north.

The Hall
The hall is dark; you dare not turn on any lights. To the south is the front
door and just to your right (east) is the even darker living room. Along the
hall to the north are the creaky old stairs leading to the landing above.

You can also see a small red torch.

> remove shoes
You remove your shoes.

> n
You head north and go up the stairs.

The Landing
The landing is very dark, but you still dare not turn on any lights. Even in
your present drunken condition your memory is functional, the bathroom is to
the west and your bedroom (and Miriam) to the north.

> w
You move west.

The Bathroom
In gloom you can only really make out the bath and the toilet. At least the
sound in here is muffled slightly mostly due to a mouldy old carpet. The
landing is to the east.

> drop shoes
You drop your shoes without making any noise.

> e
You move east.

The Landing
The landing is very dark, but you still dare not turn on any lights. Even in
your present drunken condition your memory is functional, the bathroom is to
the west and your bedroom (and Miriam) to the north.

> n
You move north.

Your Bedroom
Your bedroom is the location of many a battle of the sexes (you always lose).
You can see your marital bed and hear Miriam, who is snoring loudly. Next to
the bed is a small cabinet and an open window is to the north. To the south
is the way back to the landing.
Miriam is lying in your bed, hopefully fast asleep.

> x cabinet
It is a very cheap bedside cabinet.  The rolling pin is on the cabinet.

> take rolling pin
You take the rolling pin from the cabinet.

> throw rolling pin out window
You throw the rolling pin out of the window.

> lay on bed
You lie down on your bed.
You carefully lie on the bed trying not to wake Miriam.

Miriam wakes and shouts, "What time it is?"

To which you reply, "It is late my sweetness."

Her substantial frame rolls over and goes back to sleep.

You have done it!

Feel free to report any bugs, send praise or give general feedback to
richardo@delron.co.uk

You scored 50 out of the maximum 50!
That is 100% of the game!
Well done - you scored maximum points!
