Loading game...

Saffire

 Saffire
By Woodfish

(Entry to the One-Hour Game Competition)
The rain has stopped. The wind has died down. You stand backed up against the
wall, your eyes open wide in terror, and the rest of your body paralysed with
fear. His shoes strike the wet pavement noisily as he walks clearer, and the
edge of his pistol is picked out with the streetlight. All is dark. All is
cold. All is lost.

Against Wall
Your back is pressed up to the rough brick wall. Darkness lies over the
carpark, hiding familiar sights of the library nearby and the tree a few
yards to the left. A few rubbish bins lie knocked over on the wet pavement
beside you, lines of light against the metal being picked out by the orange
row of streetlights from the other side of the road. The wind seems to have
dropped silent. All you can hear is the man's footsteps advancing.

> z
Time passes...

Small puddles of rainwater splash as the gunman strides nearer.

> z
Time passes...

> z
Time passes...

The man steps up onto the pavement, just a few feet from you. He begins to
speak.

> z
Time passes...

'This is the end, Harry. I'm sorry it had to be this way.' He raises the
pistol, aiming at your head. You wince.

> z
Time passes...

-BANG-

The shot rings out across the town. Heads are raised in bars. Car alarms
blare. Birds scatter.

The bullet slams you back against the wall. You slide down it, dead.

.. press any key ..

Darkness
You can see nothing but black. Darkness lies everywhere and smothers
everything.

> turn on torch
The torch flicks on, and a halo of light is cast around your body.

> n
You walk for a while, the torchlight seeking ahead, its light always wavering
around on the carpet ahead. Eventually, it comes upon a solid vertical
surface, which you run up to.

Wall
You stand beside a vast wall. It stretches up and along for as far as you can
see with the torchlight. The purple carpeted area continues to the north, or
you can scale the wall to the east and west.

> e
You walk along the wall.

Beside Shelf
A small, wooden shelf juts out of the wall's surface. It is polished, so that
it gleams in the light, and is curved at the edges. On it stands a glass of
water. The wall goes back to the east and west.

> take glass
You take the glass of water from the smooth shelf.

> drink water
You gulp it down, realising as you do so that it is not water. You blink in
shock of the sharp taste, and when you reopen your eyes, a row of stairs
leading upwards has materialised nearby.

> u
You start to walk up the stairs. Eventually, the darkness around you turns to
light, and a roaring sun bursts into the sky above. You begin to notice
pieces of mist drift around, and as you get higher, they cling together,
forming a permanent haze.

Staircase
You are perched on a giant staircase, surrounded in a bright, white mist. A
sun shines down from above, obscured slightly in the haze. The stairs carry
on upwards or go back down.

> u
You walk on further, as the mist becomes more solid, forming into something
like clouds. This is proven correct, when you finally break the surface of
them, and find yourself standing in the most breath-takingly beautiful scene
you have ever experienced.

Clouds
You stand on the cloud's surface, the staircase having ended further down
without you realising. The fluffy ground is soft and bouncy, and stretches
far off into the pinky-orange distance. Whisps of cloud fill the horizon, and
all around you, huge pillars and swirls of white cloud are whipped high into
the sky. A bright sun shines down above.

Floating in the air beside you is an arrow made out of cloud, pointing south.

> s
You set off amongst the cloud, and stride on until it begins to rise and form
a solid room around you.

Room of Cloud
Each wall of this room is formed of piles of white cloud stacked together. In
the center of the room, there hovers a huge blue sapphire, sunlight
refracting off its surface to be rebounded in light streaks across the cloud.
There is a twinkling deep inside it. A sign hovers next to the wall.

The exit seems to have merged back into the cloud.

> rub the sapphire
You reach out a hand, hesitantly, and run it down the sapphire's warm, blue
surface. A low voice rumbles out of it, and speaks thus:
"Welcome. We hope your journey to the afterlife has been pleasant. Please
choose your
desired course of action. Here in the afterlife, we try to cater for all
cultures and religions,
so you will find the list diverse and full of choice which we hope will be
enjoyed by all."

A list of choices, next to buttons, materialise on the sapphire.

> x sapphire
Delicate golden letters are inscribed on the jewel's surface. They read:

                Please touch the number of your desired afterlife.

        1        Heaven
        2        Hell
        3        Reincarnation
        4        Zombification

> press 1

The moment you press it, the clouds above open, and you find yourself rising.

Higher and higher you go, until the landscape of clouds below begin to waver.

Eventually, you reach heaven. As you stride through the pearly gates, your
heart swells up, and tears of happiness burst down your cheeks.
V
