Loading game...

Salutations
You've always fancied yourself an outdoorsman and are quick to tell anyone
who asks that your hobby is hiking, though to tell the truth you don't go
nearly as often as you used to.

Still, there are times, such as now, when your day to day job in the office
just becomes unbearable and you feel the irresistable call of the wilderness,
of walking through quiet backtrails listening to birdcalls and soaking in the
peace of nature.

You set out this morning into some thick woods at the foot of a mountain,
land owned by the uncle of a friend of a friend. There were some vague
warnings not to get too far off the marked trails, but you somehow managed to
get yourself a litlte turned around and off the beaten path despite them.

Everything was going fine until you tried to take a shortcut to where you
were sure the path began again, only to find yourself following some animal's
trail deeper and deeper into a dark section of the woods where the trees grew
increasingly close together.

It was then you spotted it...an odd shapeless lump on the ground, looking
like it was covered in old fabric. Upon closer inspection you realized with
disgust that it was the desiccated body of a deer, it's body shriveled up
almost like a mummy's. As you started to back away you saw a sudden movement
in the forest ahead. Something huge and grey was coming towards you, and
fast, jumping from tree to tree with unnatural speed. Your body reacted
without your brain, simply turning to run...

...straight into some sticky ropelike objects that you at first thought were
vines, until you started to struggle against them and realized the truth with
rising horror.

Stuck in a Spider's Web
The sticky web holds you tight, suspended just above the ground of the narrow
and forgotten trail you followed deep into this forest, to this place of
nightmares.

Your pack lies abandoned nearby.  A large white bundle hangs to your right.
The Spider is crouched in a tree overhead. Watching you. It clacks its
mandibles and waves it front legs around in an agitated fashion whenever you
thrash around too much.

>An idea strikes and you struggle to get loose from from your jacket...with it
gone you'd be free of the worst of the webbing and might be able to drop to
the ground. Unfortunately in your original panic you got yourself tangled up
good and proper, and the oversized jacket is twisted around you in such a way
that you can't simply squirm out of it, though after considerable effort you
at least manage to work your right hand loose.

>Various little things such as dead leaves and twigs have fallen and stuck to
the web over time. The only thing really notable is the largish branch that
dangles nearby.

>You give the branch a little tug and it easily comes loose of the web. If
only things could be so simple for you...

>Reaching down with the stick, you try to hook one of the orange straps. It
takes a couple of attempts, but finally you manage and carefully tilt the
branch upwards so that the pack slides down to your hand where you can grab
it.

>Holding the backpack tight in your forearm, you reach around the side and
fumble to pull the knife free, grinning as you rub your thumb lightly against
the sharp edge. Now you're getting somewhere!

>In one swift motion the quivering grey bulk of the Spider is upon you.
Screaming, you swing your knife wildly, ripping its soft clammy belly open as
it exposes it to try and jab at you with its glistening stinger. A thick
white goo gushes out, and it falls backwards off the web, spasmodically
thrashing legs brushing yours it writhes out the last of its life on the
ground.

Still gripping the knife tightly, you can't tear your gaze away until the
final twitching stops.

It's only then that you notice the movement off to your right,
As though on cue, at the time of the enormous spider's death the white sack
that hangs nearby has taken on a life of its own, jerking and swaying as
something inside it begins to move.

>Rummage around in your pack, you find your lighter at the bottom and take it.
Dozens of little bulges rapidly appear and disappear beneath the wrapping as
whatever's inside the sack squirms and twists about.

>You take the little flask out of your backpack.

>Holding the flask pinned beneath your chin, you carefully unscrew the lid
with your free hand and then moving quickly take it and splash the amber
liquid all over the writhing bundle.

>You flick the lighter on, trying hard to keep your hand from shaking. For one
gut-wrenching moment you get nothing but sparks, but on your second try a
small flame appears and remains steady.

Holding your breath, you raise it to the sack...

...and it ignites in a WHOOSH, the whiskey turning the bundle into a
fireball. The violent motions from within become even more frantic and
erratic, then slowly cease as the sack is reduced to ash and the charred,
brittle remains of countless little monstrosities tumble to the ground.
Sometime later, you manage to free yourself completely from the web, and make
your way (very carefully) home. You haven't yet told anyone of your
"discovery"--right now you're just grateful enough to be alive, and provided
you could prove you weren't insane the authorities would probably put the
hideous things on the endangered species list rather than eradicating them
anyway--and you have a suspicion that the next time the wilderness calls,
you'll decline to answer.
