Loading game...

A Day at Shool
This is the start of your day.  Prepare for a day of school!!!  There will be
bullies, test, and annoying classmates that will try to take your mind off
school.  Be ready to face your challenges and make it through a school day!!!

Home
This is your home.  I recommend that your go to school but you can skip
school if you want.  To get to your bedroom type up.

> up
You move up.

Bedroom
This is where you do all your work and stuff.  Your homework is still on the
desk.  Also here is your backpack.

> examine desk
Your homework is here.  You should take it to school.  Your homework is on
your bedroom desk.

> take homework
You take your homework from your bedroom desk.

> take backpack
You take your backpack.

> down
You move down.

Home
This is your home.  I recommend that your go to school but you can skip
school if you want.  To get to your bedroom type up.

> go to school
Ok, you arrive at school for your torture (education)!!!

School
Where you go for torture (education).  You can GO TO your CLASSROOM or you
can SKIP CLASS.  Eric the bully is here.  Charlie is at school today.

> kick charlie
Ouch,That hurt!!!!!

> befriend charlie
Ok, charlie is now your friend.  You can ask him for homework if you forgot
yours.

> go to classroom
You are at your class now.

Classroom
This is where they torture you with math and english and other stuff.  "Ring,
ring, ring.  Class is now in session"  you should sit at your school desk
before the teacher comes.

> sit at desk
You are at your desk.  The teacher walks through the door.
                                                            Teacher: "Take
out your homework and put it on your desk."If you don't have your homework
you're screwed.  If you are Charlie's friend, you can ask him for a copy.

> place my homework on my desk
Your school work is now on your desk.  We are taking a test now:

      Question:  What are the first 10 digits of pie?

> 3.141592653
You got it right!!!  1 point for you.  Ok, the test is over.  Teacher: "Class
will now continue."  You are learning right now so you have 1 turn to do
anything.  Just type wait if you don't want to get in trouble.  Or you might
want to: Go potty, Make spitballs, pass notes, draw pictures, or play
calculator games

> wait
Time passes...
It is now recess time.  You should go to recess.

> go to recess
Time for recess beware the bully...  It's Eric the big, bad bully.  You might
want to run away (if you want to live).  You might also think about: Kicking
Him, Punching him, Insulting him, maybe shooting him with a random gun that
appears in you hand.

> insult his dad
You hit Eric in his weak spot, his dad.  Eric starts crying and runs away.
The bell rings and recess is over.  Go back to class.

> go to class
It's time for class again.  Class is starting again sit at your seat.

> sit at desk
You're sitting at your desk again.  We are having another test today:

             Question: What is 5 factorial (5!) ?

> 120
Yay! You got it correct!! One point for you.  The test is over.  Time to
learn, again...  this will take a while.  Just wait until class finishes.

> go
You are now in the main hall.

> go home
Youw win!!!
Yay!!! you survived school with the bullies, and the tests, and the
classmates, and and and and...  Anyways...  YOU WIN!!!!!
You scored 6 out of the maximum 6!
That is 100% of the game!
Well done - you scored maximum points!

[Press any key to end]
