Loading game...

Return to the Forest House

Return to the Forest House
[A Text Adventure Mini-Game]
Written for the Odd Comp
(c)2008 Seciden Mencarde

Five years have passed since the day you saw the house in the forest. It
appeared only in full moonlight until you visited in. Thereafter it had
vanished, perhaps just a figment of your imagination.

But now, standing in the kitchen of the same house, you begin to believe it
is real after all. Your first instinct is to run outside, but a gaping hole
in the foyer to the south prevents you from reaching the front door. How will
you escape?

>
You don't need to do that.

> e
You move east.

Living Room
Though it still retains a feeling of emptiness, this room is far from empty.
A chair, loveseat, and couch encircle a large oriental rug in the middle of
the floor. Despite this, you feel no comfort in this room. All of the
cushions are missing on the furniture, revealing mangled beds of rusted
springs within, certainly not something you would want to sit on.  Flush
against the north wall is a bookshelf on which lies the twenty-volume edition
of some famous encyclopedia, though three volumes are missing. Over the
bookshelf, just out of reach, a shotgun is prominently displayed. To the west
lies a doorway into the kitchen, while to the south stairs descend into the
basement.

> d
You move down.

Basement
The large, empty area with cement walls and floor make this unfinished
basement feel more like a dungeon. You expect to see rusted manacles chained
to the wall. Against the south wall is a workbench, the only furniture here.
Stairs to the north lead up into the living room.

A box of nails is resting on the workbench.  Under the workbench is a small,
wooden stool.

> take nails
You take the box of nails.

> open box
You open the box of nails.  The shotgun shells are inside the box of nails.

> take shells
You take the shotgun shells from the box of nails.

> take stool
You take the stool.

> n
You move north.

Living Room
Though it still retains a feeling of emptiness, this room is far from empty.
A chair, loveseat, and couch encircle a large oriental rug in the middle of
the floor. Despite this, you feel no comfort in this room. All of the
cushions are missing on the furniture, revealing mangled beds of rusted
springs within, certainly not something you would want to sit on.  Flush
against the north wall is a bookshelf on which lies the twenty-volume edition
of some famous encyclopedia, though three volumes are missing. Over the
bookshelf, just out of reach, a shotgun is prominently displayed. To the west
lies a doorway into the kitchen, while to the south stairs descend into the
basement.

> drop stool
You drop the stool.

> stand on stool
You stand on the stool.

> take shotgun
You reach up and grab the shotgun.
You hear the faint sound of cackling laughter - is it real?

> load shotgun with shells
You crack open the shotgun, push in the two shells, and snap it shut.
Something howls in the distance.

> w
You move west.

Kitchen
The feeling of dread and displacement here is enough to convince you that it
is the Forest House, but a quick glance to the south confirms it. There,
holes in the floor block your exit to the foyer. The kitchen itself is rather
traditional. A counter-top runs along the northern and western sides, the
former of which ends at an old iron stove. All of the drawers and cabinet
doors are missing, their interiors empty and decaying. Even the stove and a
doorway to the east are without doors. Above the western counter lies a
window from which the moon's rays light the room, illuminating the many holes
in the floor.

> shoot window with shotgun
You pull the trigger and unleash a blast of force, shattering the window.
Peeking out the newly-made hole you see to your dismay that the forest is
thick with thorn bushes in that direction. You see no path you could take to
get out of the house. Looking upward, however, you see that it's an easy
climb to an ajar window on the second floor. Perhaps that will lead to an
exit.

> u
You move up.

Playroom
Most of the paint on the walls here is chipped off or peeling, but there are
still spots of pale pink. Between this coloration and a magnificent rocking
horse in the middle of the room you assume it was once a girl's playroom. You
cannot help but feel appreciation for the horse, as it is a beautiful statue,
more artwork than toy. To the north lies a doorway into a bedroom. The open
window provides a way down to the kitchen.
A girl about your age - sixteen, maybe seventeen - is standing here with a
smile on her face.  A black-furred monstrosity with razor sharp fangs stands
on four legs here, snarling at you.

> shoot beast
You pull the trigger and a shell unleashes in the beast's face, cutting
through its living darkness. The creature dissolves as light replaces it. A
single white fang remains, hanging in the air for a moment before it drops to
the ground. Mesmerized by its beauty, you pick it up.

> n
You move north.

Bedroom
The three windows here are boarded up but thin rays of moonlight shine
through the cracks. The only points of interest are a bedframe which has long
lost any use and an upturned dresser in one corner. To the north is a
bathroom while to the south lies the play room.

> n
You move north.

Bathroom
You can barely stand in this small bathroom. The tiled floor area is at most
three feet wide, squeezed between a toilet and what must have once passed for
a bath tub. The tub is no more than a metal bin. Both it and the toilet are
rusted from apparent lack of use, the tub missing a faucet and the toilet
missing a seat. A porcelain sink takes up the northern half of the room. A
large, circular object hangs over it. It must have once been a mirror, but
now gives no reflection save an obsidian blackness. To the south is the
bedroom.

> put fang in sink
You slide the fang into the drain - it's a perfect fit - and push it down.
You hear the lever mechanism within click. The eastern wall begins to shake
before sliding southward, opening a passage to the east.
You hear the faint sound of cackling laughter - is it real?

> e
You move east.

Secret Room
An empty void to the east fills the room with darkness, sucking light from
the bathroom to the west. The wall there is wooden, though it would fit the
outside of a house better than the inside of a room - perhaps you have gone
outside? The floor is some kind of unbroken stone which fades eastward and
disappears into the void. You've never seen darkness of this kind outside.
You must still be inside the house...

A small, black key is lying on the floor here.
An old man is standing flush against the wall. Only his eyes move, following
your every motion.

> take key
You take the ornate key.

> e
You venture out into the void, the ornate key clasped strongly in your fist.
After a few seconds you get the urge to look back, but when you try to do so,
you find there's no "back" toward which you can look: the void has entirely
encompassed you.

The floor falls out from under you and you find yourself jolting awake in
bed. Was it a dream? You toss the covers off and step across your bedroom to
look out the window. The moon is shining full, illuminating the forest out
back, but you see no house. Perhaps both times were dreams. Then, why such a
long time before the recurrence?

A green display across the room shows 3:17. You've got to get up for school
in less than four hours, so you get yourself back into bed. Still, memories
of the dream on your mind, it is very difficult to sleep. Before you realize
you'd fallen asleep, the alarm wakes you up. The sun is shining and the clock
shows 7:00. How did the time go so quickly?

In school you notice the previously vacant locker next to yours (its owner
had moved near the beginning of the year) is now decorated with glittery
butterfly stickers. You immediately leap to the conclusion of a new girl in
school. Since you had made friends with the locker's previous owner, you're
happy to conclude that this will be a good way to befriend a member of the
fairer sex.

The next time you visit your locker, the girl is there, shuffling through her
locker. You wait patiently for her to close it and notice you. When she does,
you brace yourself against the wall. "Oh hi," she says. You know what she is
going to say next.

"I'm Susie."

THE END..?

[Press a key...]

You may or may not have noticed the prevelance of the Great Number 17 in this
work. Well, here's just one more instance. The sum of items used to create an
odd comp game (3 + 5 + 7 + 9 + 11) is equal to 35. This number can be proven
to be odd by breaking it apart into the expression 2 x 17 + 1. Eerie, yes? -
The Author

You scored 102 out of the maximum 102!
That is 100% of the game!
Well done - you scored maximum points!
