Loading game...

S.E.R.E
                                             survive  -  evade  -  resist  -
escape

A Military IF Adventure By:
SKYPIG

Please choose one of the following options.

1.  Start Adventure
2.  Start Adventure, Skip Intro
3.  How To Play

> 1

S.E.R.E

        You always thought you would be ready, that you would know what to
do.  On late nights, drinking with your buddies, you boasted about how you
would react in a situation such as this.  Cool, calm, collected, your
training would kick in and you would know exactly what to do.  Somewhere,
deep in the recesses of your mind, for just a split second, a scared voice
screams "bullshit!".

        You never saw what hit you.  Your first thought was that your pilots
were flying too low, too fast and struck a tree or a mountain top.  Then you
heard the pilots screaming "SAM, SAM, we're hit!"  Shock, fear, panic.  Not
one of your drunken boastings ever included peeing in your pants but thats
between you and God if you don't make it out of this.

        The aft cabin is a blazing inferno, the heat is tremendous.  As your
pilots struggle to keep the flailing beast airborne you have the presence of
mind to get to a seat and strap in.  The internal communication system has
failed, or maybe your cord just became unplugged from your helmet, either
way, you can't hear whats happening in the cockpit anymore.  You close your
eyes and put your head between your legs and prepare to, as the saying goes,
"Kiss your ass goodbye."

        The impact is incredible.  You feel as though you're going to be bent
in half and rended in two.  Again, and again, bouncing, jarring every bone in
your body.  Then the aircraft tips to one side and the airframe shudders
violently as the rotor blades bite into the earth.  The hearing protection in
your helmet doesn't even begin to dampen the roar of the aircraft, the
horrible sounds of solid metal buckling and being wrenched apart.  It also
doesn't block out your screams.

        Then it all stops, stillness, silence.  As your senses slowly return
you make out popping, crackling sounds, the fire!  You frantically examine
for the buckle to your harness, find it and release it.  You fall nearly five
feet across the cabin and slam into the seats on the opposite bulkhead.  The
aircraft must be resting on it's side.  Smoke rapidly fills the cabin,
choking you and obscurring your vision.  Disoriented in this unfamiliar
enviroment, you grope around blindly for a reference point, an exit.  Your
hand brushes up against smooth plastic, a window.  You examine around the
frame until you find the emergency release handle and you turn it releasing
the hatch and allowing the window and frame to fall into the cabin at your
feet.  You reach up and grasp the edges of the large opening and pull with
all your strength.  It's awkward and difficult with all the gear you're
wearing, but you eventually struggle out of the blazing cabin and into fresh
air.  Smoke billows from the open hatch as you pull your lower body out and
slide down the side of the fuselage to the ground.  You immediately fall to
your knees, but mustering your remaining strength you rise to your feet once
again and stagger away from the  intense heat of the fiery wreckage.

The Crash Site
                You're standing near the wreckage of what used to be your
aircraft.  You stare in disbelief at the carnage laid out before you.  Debris
is strewn hundreds of feet in all directions, ripped from the thrashing
aircraft and hurled through the air during the crash.  The crash site it'self
is probably the only reason you're still alive.  Surrounded by thick forest,
the pilots managed to find a small break in the trees and willed the aircraft
into the clearing.  The earth around you has been chewed up leaving deep ruts
and piles of freshly dug earth.  Scanning the surrounding terrain, you find
yourself in a large valley.  Distant mountain ranges flank you to the east
and west with a low ridgeline a good distance to the north.  As far as your
immediate surroundings, you're in a small clearing with steep rocky terrain
to your west and a dense forest of pine trees in all other directions.

        You decide that your first course of action should be to inventory
your survival gear and then use your radio to contact Search and Rescue.  The
sooner they get the rescue birds turning, the sooner you'll be out of here.

> east
You move east.

Eastern Pine Forest
        The eastern half of the forest is dense with large trees and
vegetation.  A layer of fallen pine straw and scattered pine cones cover the
forest floor and the terrain is less difficult to move over as it flattens
out into the valley floor.  There is a burnt smell in the air and an eerie
silence.  You are completely surrounded by forest and the crash site is to
the west.

> south
You move south.

Bombed Out Forest
        The south-eastern half of the forest is a scene of total destruction.
 It appears as though this entire area was the recipient of an airstrike or
artillery bombardment.  There isn't a tree left standing over ten feet and
large rocks look as though they simply shattered.  The ground is covered in a
thick deposit of black and gray ash and small bit's of debris are strewn
everywhere.

> south
You move south.

Bombed Out Camp
        This section of the forest looks as if it used to be a camp of some
kind, unfortunately this entire site was the target of an airstrike or
possibly an artillery bombardment.  There is very little left standing, all
the trees and vegetation have been reduced to nothing leaving charred trunks
and exposed roots jutting from the blackened landscape.  There are bit's of
equipment and debris scattered around, possibly weapons, or gear, maybe an
old tent.  The pieces of debris are unidentifiable.  The only object that
appears to not be completely obliterated is the hulk of a large truck.

        A single shot suddenly rings out, echoing across the valley.  You
hear a loud snap as a bullet slices through the air dangerously close to you.
 It must be sniper, but luckily not a very good one.

> in
You move in.

Inside the Truck Bed
        The bed of the large transport truck is very cramped with rows of
metal seats lining either side.  You doubt a truck like this could carry more
than ten men, hopefully all ten of them are ash on the forest floor.

> take RPG
        You pick up the rocket propelled grenade.  Someone must have dropped
it in a hurry and made a run for it during the assault here.

> out
You move out.

Bombed Out Camp
        This section of the forest looks as if it used to be a camp of some
kind, unfortunately this entire site was the target of an airstrike or
possibly an artillery bombardment.  There is very little left standing, all
the trees and vegetation have been reduced to nothing leaving charred trunks
and exposed roots jutting from the blackened landscape.  There are bit's of
equipment and debris scattered around, possibly weapons, or gear, maybe an
old tent.  The pieces of debris are unidentifiable.  The only object that
appears to not be completely obliterated is the hulk of a large truck.

> north
You move north.

Bombed Out Forest
        The south-eastern half of the forest is a scene of total destruction.
 It appears as though this entire area was the recipient of an airstrike or
artillery bombardment.  There isn't a tree left standing over ten feet and
large rocks look as though they simply shattered.  The ground is covered in a
thick deposit of black and gray ash and small bit's of debris are strewn
everywhere.

> east
You move east.

South-West Lake Shore
        You're on the shore line of a small lake roughly 200 yards wide and
400 yards in length.  The water does not appear to be very deep or very
clean.  The shore extends to the north to a large hill.  To the west is the
forest and to the south east is a small marsh.
        You start to see rays of sunlight piercing the thick gray clouds.
The overcast sky seems to be clearing up slightly with the occasional hint of
blue skies between breaks in the dark veil.  You're not sure but you think
you just heard the low roar of an aircraft engine but it disappears and
you're not  really sure it was ever there.
        You hear the sound again.  This time there is no doubt, there is an
aircraft near your position but you can't see anything yet.

> north
You move north.

North-West Lake Shore
        You're on the shore line of a small lake roughly 200 yards wide and
400 yards in length.  The water does not appear to be very deep or very
clean.  The shore extends farther south and north of your current postion
stands a large hill.  To the west is the pine forest and to the east, across
the lake, is a small village.  An old wooden boat is sitting on the ground
where it had previously been concealed.  Small clumps bushes and shrubs line
the edge of the forest.

> take boat
You take the old boat.
        The drone of the approaching aircraft is getting louder as the
seconds pass.  Then you see it, a small reconnaissance aircraft skimming the
bottom of the broken cloud layer.  You frantically dig for your pen flare
wasting valuable time when you drop a flare cartridge on the ground.
Suddenly a loud blast erupts from the northern end of the valley.  You watch
in horror as a missle streaks up from the valley floor and races towards the
friendly aircraft.  Luckily the pilot skillfully dodges the threat while
deploying decoy flares to confuse the missile.  The SAM arcs aimlessly into
the sky with out a target and disappears into the clouds.

> south
You move south.

South-West Lake Shore
        You're on the shore line of a small lake roughly 200 yards wide and
400 yards in length.  The water does not appear to be very deep or very
clean.  The shore extends to the north to a large hill.  To the west is the
forest and to the south east is a small marsh.
        The reconnaissance aircraft doesn't attempt to make another pass
through the valley.  It aggressively pulls up into the clouds and disappears
and the low roar turn into a hum and then disappears all together.  Just as
abruptly the clouds begin to thicken and gradually blanket the valley once
more.

> southeast
You move southeast.

Marsh
        You're standing knee deep in a small marsh at the southern edge of
the lake.  The water is murky and the bottom is covered in thick mud.  Reeds
and other vegetation are growing up out of the water in large green clumps.
The water appears to get deeper as it merges with a swamp to the east.  To
the north west lies the lake shore.

> drop boat
You drop the old boat.

> sit in boat
You sit down on the old boat.

> e
        You paddle the boat through the water with your hands, slowly making
your way through a swamp.  When you beach the boat on the other side you can
see a structure of some sort to the north.

> n
(Getting off the old boat first)
You move north.

Small Barn
        You're hiding in the treeline of a clearing in which sit's a small
barn like structure.  West of the barn is the lake and east of the barn is a
steep mountain range.  To the north is a small village and south will take
you back into the swamp.

> stab soldier
        Knife in hand, you stealthily move towards the unsuspecting guard.
You freeze as he stirs in his sleep but he quickly returns to his peaceful
slumber.  As soon as he is within reach you grab his hair and yank his head
back violently.  His eyes pop open, wide with shock, staring at you, unable
to react.  You savagely plunge the blade into his waiting neck, just below
the jaw line.  He immediately begins to struggle and vainly attempts to cry
out for help, emitting instead rasping and gurgling sounds.  He grasps for
his rifle but you let go of his hair and snatch the AK-47 from his reach.
You then turn the knife in the wound and quickly pull it out allowing
torrents of blood to spurt and drain from the gaping hole in his throat.  The
life drains from him before your very eyes and he crumples to the ground in a
rapidly expanding pool of blood.  You wipe your knife off on his dirty
fatigues and place it back in your vest.

> x soldier
        It's the body of the soldier who's throat you slit.  His eyes are
still wide open in shock.  The ragged wound in his throat slowly drips
rivulets of blood.  You quickly pat down his filthy uniform for anything
useful.    There is a single large caliber bullet in one of the gaurds
pockets.

> take bullet
You take the bullet from dead soldier.

> in
You move in.

Inside the Barn
You're standing inside the small barn south of the village.  It appears to be
empty, as far as the things you would expect to find in a barn.  Instead you
see a large table and several chairs.  In the corner of the barn is a small
pile of hay.

> ex hay
        Its a small pile of brown straw pushed into a corner of the barn.
Someone probably sleeps on it.  Theres nothing special about it.  What is
special about the hay,  though, is the large sniper rifle half buried
underneath

> take sniper rifle
You take the sniper rifle.

> load sniper rifle
        You insert the bullet into the chamber of the sniper rifle.

> out
You move out.

Small Barn
        You're hiding in the treeline of a clearing in which sit's a small
barn like structure.  West of the barn is the lake and east of the barn is a
steep mountain range.  To the north is a small village and south will take
you back into the swamp.  On the ground lies the body of a dead soldier

> south
You move south.

Swamp
        You're in a swamp that is a small ,shallow extension of the lake.
Large clumps a reeds and other plant life are in abundance in the murky
water.  The swamp leads west into the marsh and ends to the north at a small
clearing.  Also here is an old boat.

> sit in boat
You sit down on the old boat.

> west
        You slowly paddle you way back to the marsh.                  Another
rifle shot pierces the air.  This time the round impacts in the ground near
you sending up a geyser of dirt.  If the sniper keeps it up hes going to get
lucky eventually.  You had better find a way to deal with him.

> northwest
(Getting off the old boat first)
You move northwest.

South-West Lake Shore
        You're on the shore line of a small lake roughly 200 yards wide and
400 yards in length.  The water does not appear to be very deep or very
clean.  The shore extends to the north to a large hill.  To the west is the
forest and to the south east is a small marsh.

> north
You move north.

North-West Lake Shore
        You're on the shore line of a small lake roughly 200 yards wide and
400 yards in length.  The water does not appear to be very deep or very
clean.  The shore extends farther south and north of your current postion
stands a large hill.  To the west is the pine forest and to the east, across
the lake, is a small village.  Small clumps bushes and shrubs line the edge
of the forest.

> north
You move north.

Rocky Hill
        You're at the top of a large hill positioned in the middle of the
valley.  Though not as high as the mountains to the east and west, you do
have an excellent field of view of the northern ridgeline as well as most of
the valley.  There are plenty of rocks and small vegetation providing
outstanding concealment.  To the west and south west lies the forest.  To the
east is a large field and beyond that a village.  South east of your position
is a small body of water and due south is the shore.    Something in the
rocks on the ridge shimmers momentarily then vanishes.

> look through scope
        You get into a comfortable position on the rocky hill.  Once you feel
stable you bring the sniper rifle into the pocket of your shoulder,  press
your cheek firmly against the stock and peer down the scope.

> north
You move north.

Ridgeline
        You shift your scan to the north end of the valley towards the
ridgeline.  You can see where two passes, one large, the other small, merge
at the summit of the ridge and descend down the other side.  As you examine
tha area you see the odd glimmer of light again.

> fire at sniper
        You slowly relax your entire body, controlling every movement, every
breath.  You shift your arms and torso until you find your natural point of
aim, then you take a deep breath.  Slowly you exhale and open your eyes, your
cross hairs are dead on target.  With a slow steady squeeze you pull the
trigger back, easy, easy.
        The rifle bucks in your hands and a deafening report echos across the
valley.  Before the sound even dies away you're back on target for a second
shot.  You then remember that you only had a single bullet, but it's of
little consequence.  Through the scope you can see the sniper.  Single shot
to the head, or what was a head.
        Without anymore ammunition  you discard the sniper rifle and rise
from the prone position.

> east
You move east.

Field
You're standing in a large open field with tall plants growing all around
you.  You feel a little uneasy out in the open like this.  To the north you
can see a wide trail winding it's way up the northern slope and to the west
is a hill.  South of here is a small village.

> north
You move north.

Wide Trail
You're moving along a wide trail working it's way up the steady slop of the
northern ridgeline.  The trail looks frequently used by vehicles, two deep
ruts run parallel up the path.

> northwest
You move northwest.

Wide Mountain Pass
        You're now slowly moving through a wide pass carved through the rocky
terrain.  It winds back and forth up the mountain to allow vehicles to
negotiate the steep terrain.  In some areas the road runs dangerously close
to ledges that drop off hundreds of feet down the face of the ridge.  To the
north is the top of the ridge and to the south east is a trail leading down
the slope.

> north
You move north.

The Ridge
        You have reached the top of the north ridge.  The northern and
southern valleys lie spread out before you.  From your vantage point you can
see every aspect of the area and trace your journey from the crash to your
present position.  You glance around for the body of the dead sniper but you
cannot locate him, he won't be bothering you anyway.  To the north is a low
grassy valley.  To the south and south west are the mountain passes leading
down to the southern valley.

> southwest
You move southwest.

Narrow Mountain Pass
        You're on a narrow mountain pass literally carved into the terrain.
On one side is the steep face of the mountain and on the other side a sheer
cliff dropping down to the valley below.     As you look below  your heart
skips a beat.  In a small clearing you see men moving around, but it's not
the men that your eyes are glued to.  Amidst the commotion sit's a large
green tank.  This is not just any tank though, where a turret and cannon
would usually sit rests a large radar array and multiple rail launched
missles.  You examine your memory, what you are looking at is an SA-13 SAM
system mounted on an MTL-B chasis, a lethal surface to air weapon system
simply refered to with the NATO designator "Gopher".

> fire rpg at SA-13
        You've never handled an RPG before but when you heft it up on your
shoulder it all seems self explanatory.  No wonder third world countries use
them so much, a child could use it effectively.  You line up the crude sights
with the SA-13.  In your peripheral vision you can see that the soldiers are
still going about their business, completely oblivious to you and whats about
to take place.
        You squeeze the trigger and the propellant ignites with a deafening
blast sending the projectile streaking towards it's desitnation, a trail of
thin, grey smoke in it's wake.  The grenade impacts the Gopher just below the
rail system and radar array exploding into a dark cloud of smoke and debris.
The initail blast is impressive, but the secondary detonations from the
remaining missiles are devastating.  The enitre clearing is consumed in a
giant fireball, the concussion from the blast knocking you to the ground.  A
dark black cloud boils into the air and wreckage begins raining down all over
the forest.
        The SAM site has been neutralized.  You need to notify SAR so they
con send in the rescue aircraft.

> northeast
You move northeast.

The Ridge
        You have reached the top of the north ridge.  The northern and
southern valleys lie spread out before you.  From your vantage point you can
see every aspect of the area and trace your journey from the crash to your
present position.  You glance around for the body of the dead sniper but you
cannot locate him, he won't be bothering you anyway.  To the north is a low
grassy valley.  To the south and south west are the mountain passes leading
down to the southern valley.

> turn on radio
You turn on the survival radio.

> contact sar
You raise the SAR Command Center once more to notify them about the fate of
the SAM site.  They seem to have a lot of questions about how exactly that
happened, but you dodge their inquiries and request an immediate extract.
SAR notifies you that birds will be in the air within the next 5 minutes and
that you should be standing by in the pre-arranged safe zone ready to signal
them.

> north
You move north.

Grassy Valley
Your standing in the middle of a large, open valley.  Waist high grass covers
the entire landscape, swaying in unison like an rolling green sea.  The
valley extends out  to steep mountain ranges on all sides and south will take
you back up the ridgline.  You wait a short period of time, then you hear the
low rumble echoing through the valley.  You can see two specks winding
through the valley, the rescue aircraft are inbound.  You had better go ahead
and signal them.

> load pen flare
You insert a pen flare cartridge into the pen flare.

> fire pen flare
You fire the pen flare into the air with a sharp pop.  The bright flare
streaks up into the sky and bursts into brilliant star white cluster.

        The SAR aircraft react immediatly to the signaling flare, turning
sharply towards the valley.  The transport helo slowly lumbers in to the
landing zone as the escort gunships dart by on either flank, ensuring the
area is clear.  As the SAR bird flares to land the tall grass begins whipping
back and forth around you.  You shield your eyes from the swirling debris
being kicked up and brace yourself against the the intense force of the rotor
wash.  The big aircraft finally settles on the deck and aft ramp begins to
drop.

        Friendlies spill out of the back of the cabin and form a tight
perimeter around the LZ while an aircrewman and a medic rush to you with a
casualty litter.  You gesture them away and simply walk into the back of the
aircraft and take a seat.  The troops break down their perimeter one by one
and file back into plane and strap into their seats.  One of the pilots looks
over his shoulder at you with a big grin and give you an enthusiastic thumbs
up.  You smile weakly and close your eyes, allowing your body to relax and
sink back into the uncomfortable seat.

        You hear the engines spool up and the aircraft  begins to lift.  You
feel a lump form in your throat and a chill shoots up your spine as the beast
breaks contact with the earth and pounds it's way into the air.  After that,
the aircraft settles into a rythmic shuffle and as the plane rocks you, the
drone of the engines sing you into a deep sleep.
You scored 130 out of the maximum 260!
That is 50% of the game!
You finished 130 points short.

[Press any key to end]
