Loading game...

Shadrick's Travels
Shadrick's Travels
Written by Mystery

“I’m Shadrick.  Soon to be Shadrick of Willingsdale.  We have three more days
travel to the north until we reach our new home.  Me mum, Emiliata, is
preparing camp for the night, and me father, Wilhelm, is chopping some wood
nearby so Mum can cook some stew for supper.  As usual, Hanson has run off
and me parents have called on me, once again, to fetch my younger brother.
Father is to the east, chopping wood, mother is west, preparing camp.  The
road leads south, several days travel to Thorton, from whence we came, and
north, several days travel to Willingsdale, our new home.  There is a grove
of  trees to the northeast, the direction mum last seen Hanson.”

> x road
"The dirt road is littered with pebbles of various sizes."  A medium sized
rock is on the road.

> take rock
You take the medium sized rock from the road.

> e
You move east.

Near Father, east of the road

"I’m east of the road, which is dotted with a few trees and there is a grove
of thick trees to the north.  There is a stump here, that father is using to
split larger pieces of wood into smaller ones.  He has already chopped a
small pile that lay on the ground near the stump."
"Father is chopping wood, and starting to work up a good sweat.  Might want
ot make sure I'm not down wind from him the rest of the trip."

> x wood
Please be more clear, what do you want to examine?  The pile of wood or the
piece of wood?

> take wood
You take the piece of wood from the pile of wood.

> w
You move west.

In the middle of the road

"I’m standing in the middle of the road.  There is still plenty of daylight
left.  Mum and Dad were both tired and Hanson was getting on everyone’s
nerves, so they thought it’d be a good idea to make camp here and left Hanson
go run about for a little while. The road leads north, several days travel to
Willingsdale, and south, several days travel back to Thorton.  Father is
chopping wood to the east and mum is setting up camp to the west.  A grove of
trees lies northeast."

> w
You move west.

Near Mum, who is setting up camp

"The wagon is stopped nearby, and the horses tied to a tree further off.  Mum
has taken a few things out of the wagon to prepare camp.  Our bedding lies
scattered off to one side, while mum has already prepared a pit to build the
fire for cooking."
"Mum is getting a few things out of the wagon to prepare supper."

> x bedding
"It is all piled together and hasn't been sorted out yet.  I'm sure mum will
get to it after supper."  A rope is on the bedding.

> take rope
You take the rope from the bedding.

> e
You move east.

In the middle of the road

"I’m standing in the middle of the road.  There is still plenty of daylight
left.  Mum and Dad were both tired and Hanson was getting on everyone’s
nerves, so they thought it’d be a good idea to make camp here and left Hanson
go run about for a little while. The road leads north, several days travel to
Willingsdale, and south, several days travel back to Thorton.  Father is
chopping wood to the east and mum is setting up camp to the west.  A grove of
trees lies northeast."

> tie rope to wood
"I string the rope around the piece of wood a couple of times and make it
secure.  It is now a sturdy swing."

> i
You are carrying a medium sized rock and a swing.

> ne
You move northeast.

Grove of trees, near the road

"The trees are tall and make it seem like night has already fallen.  I'm
standing next to an old Oak tree that leads up.  I see Hanson standing on a
large rock thirty or forty feet away.  He looks quite panicked by the large
bear that is standing between him and I.  I imagine the beehive in the pine
tree above the bear is what the bear was interested in.  But why have a
little honey when you can have Hanson instead.  I guess I had better do
something before Hanson gets eaten.  I definitely wouldn’t be getting any
supper if I let that happen."
Hanson standing as far back as he can on a large rock, trying to keep his
distance from the bear.

> climb tree
Please be more clear, what do you want to climb?  The old oak tree or the
pine tree?

> climb oak tree
You can't climb the old oak tree.

> up
"I carefully climb the tree, and finally reach a sturdy branch."

> tire swing to tree
I don't understand what you want me to do with the swing.

> tie swing to tree
"I tie the other end of the rop to the branch and slowly let the swing dangle
down."

> d
"I carefully climb down the tree, and finally reach the bottom."

> l

Grove of trees, near the road

"The trees are tall and make it seem like night has already fallen.  I'm
standing next to an old Oak tree that leads up.  I see Hanson standing on a
large rock thirty or forty feet away.  He looks quite panicked by the large
bear that is standing between him and I.  I imagine the beehive in the pine
tree above the bear is what the bear was interested in.  But why have a
little honey when you can have Hanson instead.  I guess I had better do
something before Hanson gets eaten.  I definitely wouldn’t be getting any
supper if I let that happen."
Hanson standing as far back as he can on a large rock, trying to keep his
distance from the bear.

> throw rock at hive
"I throw the rock at the beehive and it falls to the ground.  Bees are
swarming everwhere, but the bear doesn't seem to mind it and tries to get the
honey inside.  Now is my chance to help Hanson, while the bear is
distracted."

> swing on swing
"With the bear distracted, I jump on the swing and grab hold of my brother.
We barely miss getting swiped by the massive claws of the black bear as we
leap off of the swing and run out of the grove."

"After explaining what happend to father, he chased the bear off.  Mum was so
angry at Hanson for running off, that he's not had supper and is supposed to
be sleeping.  I know that he isn't though.  I can see him making faces at me
while I eat my stew.  Father thinks I'm a hero."
You scored 50 out of the maximum 100!
That is 50% of the game!
You finished 50 points short.
