Loading game...

shelter
You have just purchased your first house. A medium sized rancher on
one-quarter acre. A few trees, a nice backyard, decent view, close to schools
and shopping. After you get settled, you notice something odd. In the garage
is an unusual hole you didn't notice before. It is in the (northeast) corner
of the garage. That wouldn't be unusual enough to capture your attention,
normally, but it looks like it is behindf a crack and that crack is in the
form of a perfect square. Now considering the sum you just put down on this
place - that makes it important to you.
  You call the realtor and ask to contact the previous owner. When you do, he
just says "I never knew what it was. It didn't sound hollow, the foundation
was solid so I just put a wooden cabinet on it."
"And it never occurred to you to find out what it was?"
"Why? It wasn't getting worse."
"One of those laid-back types" runs through your mind. "Do you know anything
about the previous owner? Maybe he could shed some light on it?"
"No. I bought it from his widow."
"Why did she sell it?"
"Dunno."
So, you do your work and find people who are still live in the neighborhood
from back then.
"He had just died from an aneurism or something." "One child was touring
Africa or China or something and the other was living in some home."
"Autistic or something. Without him, his wife couldn't keep up so now he's in
one of those assisted living places." "She has severe altzheimers now. The
house was sold to fund her time there."
So, nobody knows what he had been doing, and nobody can get in touch with the
children who would know.

Now you have a mystery. What is the hole about? Why is the crack there?

The answer will surprise you.

Garage
You're not a packrat or a slob. Just lousy at choosing moving helpers who
know how to pack boxes intelligently. So far, this is the place for all the
boxes that haven't been sorted out. At the rate your'e going, give it two
weeks and you'll be able to get your car in here, no problem. Not that it
would matter much in a two car garage.   You can just make out a small hole
in the concrete floor and a very thin crack forming a square about three feet
across. It butts up to the walls of the northeast corner of the room.  Also
here is some rope.

> get rope
You take the rope.

> open chest
Ther are literally dozens of drawers in this large chest and your character
knows what each one of them holds. To be nice, I wll not identify each of the
hundreds of objects in here, just the ones you might find useful in the game.
For all intents and purposes, the tool chest is now open. A bolt and a
magnifying glass are inside the tool chest.

> look in chest
A large toolchest, about four feet high, with many drawers for storing every
conceivable tool, screw or small part you could ever need. It contains
literally hundreds of different peices so I will be kind and only tell you
about the ones you need for this game.  The tool chest is open.  A bolt and a
magnifying glass are inside the tool chest.

> get bolt
You take the bolt from the tool chest.

> get magnifying glass
You take the magnifying glass from the tool chest.

> x hole
But a hole that is a perfect circle three-quarters of an inch wide that seems
ridged inside. And it feels like metal just below the surface. You touch the
hole, measure it and even put part of a finger into it. Yes, it's a hole. But
it's a hole that's exactly 3/4 of an inch across with ridges going down as
far as the aided eye can see. And it appears to be made of metal just below
the surface.

> x ridges
Taking a flashlight and a magnifying glass you use for small repairs, you
find those are not ridges. It is a sinigle groove carved into a metal tube
inside the hole. It looks just like the "groove" on a screw - or bolt.

> screw bolt into hole
You screw the bolt into the hole and make sure it is tight.

> loop rope over hook
The rope slides off the hook

> tie rope to bolt
Being a boy scout really helped on this one. You tie an expert knot. The rest
of the rope lies nearby.

> pull rope
Pulling with all your might, the square section of concrete slab rises.  It
is almost three feet deep. You have just enough strength to get it high
enough to slide it onto the floor. You can now see that there is a doorway in
your floor. But where does it lead to. Also you now know to  "X slab".

> d
You move down.

Underground
On the north wall is a ladder leading up. Otherwise this just a big room.
Rows of shelves full of canned food on one wall. Cylinders in one corner. A
small machine with some canisters next to it are on the south wall. And a
large, flat bed is on the floor west. Looks like a 1950's bomb-shelter.  The
shelves on the east wall have swiveled away, revealing a passageway deep
within.  Also here are some shelves.

> pull shelves
The shelves are, indeed part of the wall. But that wall is apparantly just a
disguised door. It swivels out, revealing a dark passage east.

> e
You walk into the darkness, unsure of what you will find. You expect more
bomb shelter, but will he have put in any traps to dissuade the panicked mobs
during the falling atomic bombs? What else will there be?

> quit
Do you really want to quit? [Y/N]
