Loading game...

Sigurd Fafnesbane

You are Sigurd Fafnesbane, a hero in the Edda, a collection of poems from the
13th century about the nordic gods and heroes. You are said to be the son of
a viking king and your live is adventurous. One of your adventures deals with
a quarrel between your stepfather, Regin the blacksmith an his brother
Fafner.

The quarrel has a tragic background. A boy transformed himself into an otter
and was swimming in a creek. Then three of the nordic gods came along,
catched the otter and consumed the meat. They asked a peasant about room for
the night and offered him the otter's skin as payment. Now the peasant
recognized his own son and was downhearted. The gods realized their mistake
and filled the otter's skin with gold to compensate him.

[Press any key to continue]

The peasant had two other sons, Fafner and Regin. Fafner killed their father
and took the golden treasure. There was a quarrel between the brothers about
the gold. Fafner wanted the gold for himself, but Regin couldn't accept that.
Then Fafner went up to the plain with the gold. He transformed himself into a
dragon and lied down to brood on the treasure.

Regin's Smithy
The smithy is a place filled with iron items and soot. Regin is working by
the anvil in his smithy. You visit him while your horse Grane is standing
under a tree, waiting for you.  Regin talks to you about Fafner.

You can move north and east.

> ask regin about fafner
Regin wants revenge. He has come to think of the sword you have inherited
from your father, the king. It was a gift from Oden. The sword was broken,
but Regin has repaired it. Regin says: I want you to ride north to the plain,
kill Fafner with the sword and take the gold. We we will share the gold
between us, of course. Both of us will be rich." Regin adds: "I want the
dragon's heart too. I will eat it to become as strong as the dragon." Then he
offers you the sword.

> take sword
You take the sword that Regin offers you and say "I will ride instantly!"

> north
You move north.

The Plain
The plain is a hot, dry place.  Fafner is lying here to brood on the
treasure. He gets thirsty and winds away drink water in a lake east of the
plain. The dragon carries the treasure with him.

You can move east and south.

> east
You move east.

The Lake
There is a small lake east of the plain. The animals of the plain come here
to drink.  Fafner is coming down to the lake. You hide yourself in a cavity
in the path. Grane stands hidden behind a rock. Now Fafner passes above you.

You can move south and west.

> kill dragon with the sword
You kill the dragon with your sword. Fafner falls down dead and you take the
leather sack with the gold.

> take heart
You take the dragon's heart. Now you should ride back to Regin, but you must
stop somewhere to light a fire and roast the dragon's heart. A meadow south
of the lake might be a suitable place.

> south
You move south.

The Meadow with the Oak Tree
You come to a green meadow with an oak tree standing in the middle of it.
Bluebirds are sitting in the top of the tree, peacefully chirping.

You can move north and west.

> light fire
You light a fire beneath the oak tree. The birds are chirping in the top of
the tree.

> roast heart
You roast the dragon's heart. Unfortunately you burn the thumb. You suck the
thumb to ease the pain and lap up a drop of the dragon's blood. Suddenly you
can understand the chirping of the birds. Listen carefully.

> listen to birds
You listen to the birds and hear sensational news: "Beware of Regin. He will
deceive you and keep the treasure for himself." The birds are laughing at
you. "What a stupid boy you are, Sigurd." You get furious. "I will kill
him!", you tell the bluebirds.

> west
You move west.

Regin's Smithy
The smithy is a place filled with iron items and soot. Regin is working by
the anvil in his smithy. You visit him while your horse Grane is standing
under a tree, waiting for you.  Regin asks: "Do you have the gold and the
dragon's heart?"

You say: "Yes I have. But I also know that you have used me. You have planned
to keep the gold for yourself. I will kill your for that!"

You can move north and east.

> kill regin
You kill your deceitful stepfather. Regin falls dead over his anvil.
You ride away on Grane, your faithful horse, heading for new adventures. The
gold is glittering in the leather sack in your luggage.

Since then you were called Sigurd Fafnesbane, or Sigurd who killed the dragon
Fafner.
