Loading game...

The Skydiver

THE SKYDIVER!

A Game By The Fenris Wolf

And now I am about to die.

It wasn't my fault really. I would put the blame on Dad, but I can't tell him
that it's his fault for I'm about to die, but if I weren't about to die I
couldn't tell him anyways. You know, he's always point the blame to Gramps.
That's a problem though. Gramps is too crazy to think properly, and we all
know that he would just blame it on his trick knee or something of that
matter...

So, I guess I am stuck with the blame on myself.

You probably don't have any idea what I'm talking about. Allow me to
introduce myself. My name is John Doe, an ordinary man with an ordinary
hobby. Back when I was only six, my father taught me how to skydive. I loved
it. I still do it sometimes if I have enough time, but recentally, I've been
out of practice. For a whole year I had gone without skydiving. Then, on my
birthday, my family gave me the money so I could skydive one more time. Now
let me repeat, I havn't sky dived for a long time so I didn't realize my
mistake untill it was too late. Here's what happened:

I was on the airplane, put on my backpack, and jumped. Everything was going
fine, but then, as I was falling I noticed a slight lump in my backpack. Now
I know what a parachute feels like in a backpack, and this isn't it. It feels
more like a ton of bricks. I havn't opend my backpack yet, but I'm not sure I
want to. Now I am, in the air, about to die...unless, I find some other means
of saving myself...

> open backpack
I tore open the backpack hoping by some maricle that your parachute is in
there, but it isn't. A ton of bricks fall out though, and land into my hands,
along with a baby bottle of milk and a ball of yarn.

> x pockets
I checked inside your pockets to see what I left in there today, and behold!
My car keys that I lost last week were left in there!

> tie shoelaces
I bend down to tie my shoes when a brilliant idea hits me. What if, instead
of tieing my shoes, I take the laces instead, as a way to help save my own
life! What a good idea. Bad news though! My shoes fell off!

> drop the bricks
The bircks fall to the earth with a plop.

> z
Time passes...

> z
Time passes...

> z
Time passes...

> z
Time passes...

> z
Time passes...

> z
Time passes...

> z
Time passes...

> z
Time passes...

> z
Time passes...

> z
Time passes...

> z
Time passes...

> z
Time passes...

> throw keys at pelican
I waved the keys at the big bird flying in front of me. It seems quite amazed
with them. The Pelican seems enchanted for a few moments, but then opens it's
mouth and eats the keys! Well, all but one. Out of it's mouth he drops that
fish that he must have been carrying. You take it, quite disgusted with it,
but hold onto it anyways.

 Later on, I learn that the pelican choked on the keys, and landed on an old
man who had just won the lottery. The speed of the bird falling was so
gigantic that the man was in a coma for the next week and then died.

> take shark's teeth
I reached out and took the thing that the shark was carrying. It's a small
quilt that someone made! Suddenly, a flashback gets you:

 You were reading the newspaper, when you come along an article about a man
that fell out of a plane and would've died, if he did not have a backpack
filled with quilts with him. He made a parachute with the quilts which gave
him a smooth landing into the ocean. Two minuets later, he was eaten by
sharks...

 FLASHBACK ENDS

It didn't seem very important at the time, I thought, but now...who knows,
could I do the same thing?

> drink bottle
I may be about to die, but that, by no means, doesn't also make me terribly
thirsty. I stick the bottle in my mouth and start to squeeze out some of the
milk. I swollowed. It has a sort of gummy flavor to it. I've heard of milk
going bad, but not like this! I put some on my hand and sniff. Hang on, this
isn't milk at all! It's glue!

> use key on quilt
Suddenly, an idea comes to mind:
If I use the key as a sort of needle, and my sholace as thread, I could
finally manage to fix that old quilt. Now it looks brand new. Unfortunatley,
though, my shoelace got used up in the process.

> tie coat to quilt
With a quick idea of imagination, I figure out a way to attatch your wool
coat to my quilt. I put glue on one side of my sheets of paper, and then use
the sheets of paper as a type of tape that attaches my shirt and quilt
together. I'm so clever! I have a feeling that I'm almost done with my quilt.
One problem though. Both my glue and my sheets of paper were used up in the
process of taping. I'll need to find some alternatives.

> tie yarn to parachute
As a final touch, I tied my string to the parachute. But wait! There will be
nothing to attach the string to!

Then, out of nowhere, a bird charges into my head. Of course! I yelled and
used the the keys as my weights for the parachute and now my parachute is
ready for action!

> inflate parachute
Finally, I had enough supplies to inflate my parachute. Good timing too, the
ground wasn't that far away. As I gathered up my supplies and walked away, I
smiled at the shining sunlight which brought me here.

EPILOUGE
As I walked home, I was arrested for 5 years for killing a man with a giant
pelican.

As soon as I got out of jail, I had a celebratory sky dive. My parachute
broke. I'm almost dea-
