Loading game...

Stalker
You woke up in you bed late in the night.Someone was in your house.You crept
into the hall and looked down the stairs.You could see a dark figure with a
knife in his hand.He turns and looks at you and you can see his face.He has a
mask that's completely white on.He can see through it yet you cannot.He
starts to walk up the stairs while you run back to your room.You slam the
door shut and push a cabinet in front of it...

> look at desk
You run over to the desk and quickly look through it.You pull a large
holepuncher out of the bottom drawer.

> use holepunch on window
You smash open the window with the holepunch and hit away all the glass.

> look out window
You can see a tree branch outside the window...

> jump onto branch
You leap out the window and grab ahold of the branch.You manage to swing into
the tree and you climb down into your backyard.  The Stalker is looking for
you  The stalker's getting closer

> look at lawnmower
You look at the lawnmower and see a screwdriver lying on top of it.You
quickly grab it.

> e
You move east.

Kitchen
You're in your tiny kitchen.The fridge door is open as it was broken earlier
that day.You look for a weapon but you remember that your ex-wife took most
of your possesions.To the North is the livning room.

> hide in fridge
You jump into the fridge and hide inside.You hold the door closed and you can
hear the man run into the kictchen.He looks around and then leaves once
again.You open the door and enter the kitchen a colder man.

> n
You run into the living room

> pick up windex
You quickly grab the can of windex.

> w
You move west.

Basement
You're in a dark basement.The only thing you can see is an old washer and
dryer in the corner,a box of soap on top of them.It's too dark to try and
navigate the stairs again.  Your cell phone lies on top of the dryer.

> take soap
As you reach for the soap,the door swings open and the killer starts down the
stairs after you...  The Killer is walking towards you with a knife in his
hands.

> use windex on killer
You spray the cleaner into the mask and it seaps through,into the mans
eyes.He stumbles backwards for a moment.

> use screwdriver on killer
You raise the screwdriver into the air and stab the killer in the chest.He
falls backwards,dropping the knife onto the cement floor.
As you stand over the body,the world starts fade away.You wake up from your
dream and look up.You're laying down on the couch in front of the tv.Once
again you've fallen asleep watching horrors movies again.Quickly,you change
the channel and wipe the sweat off your head.What a dream.And as you sit
there,watching the television,you don't notice the figure standing right
behind the couch...
You scored 55 out of the maximum 60!
That is 91% of the game!
You finished 5 points short.

[Press any key to end]
