Loading game...

The Star Trek Chain Reaction:
Episode #1 The Hornets' Nest

                                             You wake up lying on the floor
in the middle of a small bare room. You rememer that you are in a huge house
but you don't know how you got there. You're very confused. You don't know
what your name is or why you're here. You are short; about 2 and a half feet
tall. You have a large empty bag and a taser. There is a door to the north.
You can hear voices through the crack of the door.

Small bare room.
A small bare room about 7' tall and 2' square. There is a door to the north.
You can only move north.

> n
(Standing up first)
You move north.

A small room with chairs and a table in the middle.
A small, dark, room with a table and three legged chairs in the middle.  Also
here is a Table, wooden chair and a Beechies gum pack.  SCUEY is in the room.
 You can move south, west and southwest.  As you approach SCUEY, his face
turns white, and he looks up at the ceiling and lets out a scream.

> w
You move west.

Living Room
You have entered the living room. There is a large TV on a drawer in the far
side of the room. Surround sound speakers are set around the room. A couch is
on the opposite side as the TV.   Also here is a drawer, a couch and surround
sound speakers.  Carlos and Jose are here.  You can move east and south.
Carlos hits you.  Jose hits you.

> open drawer
You open the drawer.  A Star Trek Tapes is inside the drawer.

> take star trek tapes
You have stolen the Star Trek tapes! Suddenly the tapes vanish from your
hands as if they were beamed away with a transporter!   Then... you hear a
strange, high-pitched, humming noise. You look around. Your vision is
starting to sparkle. The noise is getting louder...   You can't move! Your
vision is fading. Then, when your vision comes back, you find your self back
in the room with chairs and a table with SCUEY. He is holding the Star Trek
tapes you stole. "Good job!", SCUEY says. "You got the tapes."  "Here, you
can have this phaser and communicator. The captain is waiting for us. I'd
like for you to give the order. (type Energize when you want to beam up.)
Then, suddenly the man takes one final jump and goes stiff in mid-air and
stops screaming... He falls to the ground with a thud and passes out. Then,
right out of nowhere a note appears in your hand. You don't understand where
it came from.

> open communicator
You open the communicator.

> Energize
You appear in the Transporter Room.

Transporter Room
You are in the Transporter room of the Enterprise. In front of you is a woman
in a red Starfleet uniform behind a set of controls for the transporter.
Also here are transporter controls and a transporter.  Trans.Opperator is
here.  You can only move west.  A voice comes in over the intercom: "Kirk to
transporter room..." The Transporter Opperator flicks a switch on the
intercom panel. "Transporter Room." "Send McCoy and the alien up to the
bridge. I need to talk to them," says the voice. "Yes, captain," says the
opperator. "Well, I guess we'd better head to the bridge," McCoy says.

> w
You move west.

Elevator
You are in an elevator on the U.S.S. Enterprise. An intercom panel with
switches is to the right of the door. Computer: "Please state destination or
deck number."

> bridge
Computer: "Destination confirmed. Approaching Bridge." The elevator comes to
a stop and the doors hiss open. You have arrived at the Bridge.

Bridge
You are on the bridge of the U.S.S. Enterprise. There is a large screen at
the front of the Bridge with yellow lights moving across the bottom of it.
Captain James Kirk is sitting in the Captain's Chair. Spock, Uhura, Sulu, and
Checkov are all at their stations.  The captain turns in his chair to face
you.  "Welcome to the bridge... Mr.?" "Jim, I think I'd better perform an
analysis on this man... He's some kind of alien. I don't recognize what kind.
Also, I think he's had some injuries. He doesn't know who he is or why he's
here," said Dr. McCoy. "Alright Bones, but make it quick. I'd like to tell
him about a possible assignment in Star Fleet." You reply, "Wha...?" "Follow
me to Sick Bay," Dr. McCoy says.  Also here is Captain's chair.  Capt.Kirk,
Uhura, Sulu, Chekov and Scotty are here.  You can only move southwest.

> sw
You move southwest.

Elevator
You are in an elevator on the U.S.S. Enterprise. An intercom panel with
switches is to the right of the door. Computer: "Please state destination or
deck number."

> sick bay
Computer: "Destination confirmed. Approaching Sick Bay." The elevator comes
to a stop and the doors hiss open. You arrive in a corridor leading to Sick
Bay.

Sick Bay corridor
You are in a hall way leading to the elevator closest to Sick Bay on this
level.  You can move northeast and southwest.

> sw
You move southwest.

Sick Bay
You are in a room with many cots in it. There is a display case hung on the
wall with scalpels and various medical instruments on the wall. There are
health moniters above each cot with arrows moving up and down. A small
computer moniter is mounted on each cot. McCoy is carrying some sort of
injector.   "Are you ready for an analysis?" McCoy asks.  You can only move
northeast.

> yes
"Here, let me inject some of this into you. It will help you heal... Well,
you do seem to have some head injuries, but I still can't figure out what you
are. Do you remember anything from your past?" McCoy says. "No," you reply.
"Well, maybe we're the first to meet an alien of your species. I don't know."
"Bones..." says the Kirk on the intercom. Dr. McCoy goes over to the
intercom, punches a switch. "McCoy here." "Bones," Kirk says,"are you
finished with that annalysis yet?" "Yes Captain, I just finished." McCoy
answers. "Good. Bones, bring him up here. Kirk, out." McCoy switches off the
intercom. "Well, let's go back to the bridge."

> ne
You move northeast.

Sick Bay corridor
You are in a hall way leading to the elevator closest to Sick Bay on this
level.  Dr.McCoy is here.  You can move northeast and southwest.

> ne
You move northeast.

Elevator
You are in an elevator on the U.S.S. Enterprise. An intercom panel with
switches is to the right of the door. Computer: "Please state destination or
deck number."

> engineering
Computer: "Destination confirmed. Approaching Engineering."  The elevator
suddenly stops.  Computer: "Elevator malfunction."  Next Episode --  The Star
Trek Chain Reaction: Episode 2 Klingon Space
You scored 20 out of the maximum 20!
That is 100% of the game!
Well done - you scored maximum points!

[Press any key to end]
