Loading game...

The Stowaway
I didn't know what to do. "Swabbers! Where's that swabby bastard?" I could
hear the captain's voice storm in, shortly along with that fat bastard
himself. It's what he was knew for, his loud mouth. The old captain wanted me
for something. "Swabbers! There's a stowaway fartin' about up in the nest.
Climb up there and bring 'im 'ere!"

Galley
The galley was empty, and the others were on duty, asleep or throwing up from
the food in the galley. The rocking from the ship was rolling, and was making
me slightly ill.
Captain Milton was there at the time.

> n
I was cleaning up in there for so long, that I forgot what time it was. Eve
had set, and the light air refreshed my head. Up in the sky, the clouds were
packing. They were dark, and shrouded the orange sky that met up with the
horizon.

> n
So that's when I moved north.

Deck - Near Captain's quarters and mast
I won't get into the Captain's quarters, too boring, but the mast was
enormous. There were a few barrels scattered about which a few bored men sat
on.

> u
So that's when I moved up.

Base of mast
I hated this climb, and for some reason I was the one who did it the most. "I
think my leg is stuck!" I said.

> u
I shifted the rest of the way up as rain started to mingle with the wind. The
sky was setting fast and I think some of the boys were baiting me from the
deck.

> u
I pulled myself further up, faster as well. The sky up there was colder,
miserably so. I began to feel dizzy. I didn't know where I was. The hollers
from below were hazed. What was up? I didn't usually get sick from climbing
the mast. The whole place was fogged up, too.

Nothing else here, apart from when I distinctly puked all over the crew from
above. They didn't like that!

> u
I finally made it to the top. I had reached the top part of the mast and all
that was left was to go north into the crow's nest and see to the little
stowie. The sun had completely gone by then and it was pitch dark.

> n
"That's funny," I thought to myself, "there isn't anyone here."

Crow's nest
While not my job, I could imagine the loneliness of being in the nest. The
night sky made things difficult to see further than the torch there that was
unlit at the time.
An unusual wind lapped at my ankles.

> wait
Time passes...

The rain picked up in strength.

> wait
Time passes...
The ends of my fingers and nose felt like ice.

As I was up at the top of the ship, with the miserable captain glaring from
below, the weather and my sudden seasickness, the weirdest thing happened to
me. For a moment, I could see everything clearly, though grey, and a boy
stood, his back to me, next to the nest.

> talk to kid
"Er, hello? What are you doing on the mast?" The kid didn't turn around, he
just, in a misshapen voice, whispered "playing."

> talk to kid
"You should... should get off the mast." I was trembling. "Why, mister?" he
uttered. "It's not like I'm in danger in nothin'."

> talk to kid
"You should really come down!" I think I shouted at the kid. The kid turned
to me, his blank eyes and papery face scowling at me at last, and said,
"You're mean! I don't want to listen to you!" His arms pointed at me, and
they were bright as fire...

"SWABBERS!!" A bellow from Captain from beneath made us both shake. Two fiery
streams skimmed right by my head!

The kid, or whatever he was, looked as shaken as me! I thought this was my
chance!

> catch kid
Then I leapt for the damn thing! His weedy body put up a fight. Then, he
screamed: "Lightning! Help me!" What was this monster? No sooner than he said
that, the rain turned into a proper storm and there were flashes of light!
There were flashes of lighting.

> use kid as a shield
I held the kid up to the clouds, where he wriggled difficultly.

> wait
Time passes...
Then, a bolt came and just missed the tip of the mast.

> wait
Time passes...
Another bolt. That time it was dangerously close!
The bolt struck. I bravely used the kid as a shield! The bolt tore through
the child, sending his sorry arse to wherever ghosts get sent!

You scored 10000 out of the maximum 10000!
That is 100% of the game!
Well done - you scored maximum points!
