Loading game...

How Suzy Got Her Powers

How Suzy Got Her Powers

by David Whyld

Written with ADRIFT Version 4, Release 51
Version 1 Released: June 2011

        (1)        Background.
        (2)        About the game.
        (3)        Game information.

        (0)        Play How Suzy Got Her Powers.

> 0

“La-dddyyyyyyyy!”
        You blink. Jeez, that was loud!  Does the kid have a pair of
loudspeakers in his lungs or something?
        “Lady, he-llllllllllllllllllllllllllllllp!” the kids screeches.
        You're more inclined to cover your ears to block him out, but instead
find yourself (cursing your ever helpful nature as you do) saying to him,
“What's the problem, kiddo?”
        The kid - is it a boy? A girl? (Something else?) - points towards a
building at one end of the parking lot. Smoke is rising in thick clouds from
it (how come you didn't notice that before?) and there are what look like
flames licking at one of the upper windows.
        The kid - apparently not one for keeping his/her voice down when
he/she has the opportunity to screech instead - wails “My
mummeeeeeeeeeeeeee!”  and points to the building. “She's insiddddddddddddde!”
        Your usual response at this point would be to shrug your shoulders,
say, “Yes? And?”  but this time you stop yourself. There's someone trapped in
there. In a burning building. There's you and the kid here. And, as sheer bad
luck would have it, the rest of the parking lot is empty.
        “Hellllllllppppppp!!!”  wails the kid, tugging at your hand and
trying to pull you towards the burning building when every instinct is
prompting you to run in the other direction.

West to the burning building, east to the rest of the world.

> give mints to kid
You offer the mints to the kid. He/she takes one look at them and you can see
the indecision on his/her face: take the mints and quieten down a bit, or
keep on wailing?
        Fortunately, sheer greed overcomes the kid's desire to keep wailing
and he/she snatches the mints and crams them all into his/her mouth in one
go.
        Your pleas to "go steady or you'll choke" go unheeded.

[Your score has just increased by 1 point.]

> w
You start towards the burning building, the kid running alongside you then
falling behind.
        Thank heavens for that! The last thing you felt like doing was
dragging a wailing kid into a burning building-
        Actually, the last thing you feel like doing is going into a burning
building full stop, but you're resigned to it now. You're determined, cool,
calm and confident - and, above all, terrified.
        Well done, Suzy Loman. You're about to become a hero after all.
        Ignoring your shaking legs, you open the door to the building and
hurry inside...

[MORE]

SSS Ground Floor SSS

[Score: 1/22] [Turns: 2] [Locations visited: 1/5]

The fire hasn't got down to this part of the building yet (you're guessing it
must have started at the top), but it's still fiercely hot and the smoke is
so bad you feel like you're damaging your lungs permanently just by being
here.
        This part of the building looks to be some kind of reception area
judging from the desk and whatnot, but the smoke is making it hard to see.
        A staircase against the north wall leads up to the first floor of the
building; next to it yawns the mouth of an open elevator.

EXITS: East, Up.

With a clang!!! the door swings shut. Ouch! Don't they oil the hinges in this
place?
        Anyway, the reception area appears to be deserted. Is the building
closed? Has everyone already abandoned ship? Either way, the only one here is
you (and you're really wishing you weren't here).

> wear tissue
You quickly wrap the tissue around your head and tie it at the back of your
neck. It probably makes you look like an urban terrorist or something similar
but at least with the tissue covering your mouth and nose, it's keeping some
of the smoke away.

[Your score has just increased by 1 point.]

> open door
You open the door. You're not sure whether this will make much difference but
it ought to at least let some of the horrible cloying smoke out.

[Your score has just increased by 1 point.]

> wave hands
You wave your arms around frantically, making you appear to a) be mentally
deficient and b) doing some impromptu dance routine, but it serves its
purpose and clears the smoke for a few brief moments. Nothing much about the
reception area has changed, however, aside from the vase you see perched on
the edge of the desk. The smoke-coloured vase. Hmmm...

[Your score has just increased by 1 point.]

> get vase
You take the vase.

> x desk
A receptionist's desk, complete with computer (currently off), telephone, a
very uncomfortable looking chair and a cluttered mess of files. Attached to
the wall behind it is a small fire extinguisher.

> get fire extinguisher
You take it from behind the desk.

[Your score has just increased by 1 point.]

> get chair
You take the chair from behind the receptionist's desk.

> u

SSS First Floor SSS

[Score: 5/22] [Turns: 10] [Locations visited: 2/5]

The far end of this floor (some kind of large, open storage room by the look
of things) is burning fiercely. Smoke and fire fight it out, unimpeded by the
dismal spray of water coming from the overhead sprinklers. To one side,
several boxes and sheets of papers are aflame. The stairs to the next floor
look to be at the far end and you'll need to pass through the flames to reach
them.

EXITS: North, Down.

No one here? From the general look of disuse, you're guessing no one has
worked in this place for quite some time. Maybe years. Which begs the
question: why is the kid's mother in here?

> fill vase
You hold it under the sprinklers for just long enough for it to fill with
water.

> x sprinklers
For a guess, these are the cheapest, naffest sprinklers on the market. The
sort of things bought by companies to reassure staff that health and safety
is high on the agenda when in fact the only thing on the agenda is keeping
spending down to a minimum (even if it means making offices a potential fire
hazard). They're puttering along right now, emitting such a dismal amount of
water that they'd be hard-pressed to put out  a candle, let alone a full
blown fire. Could probably do with a good bash or two.

> drop chair
You drop the chair.

> stand on chair
You stand on the chair.

> hit sprinkler
You reach up and give the nearest sprinkler a good bash or two. This seems to
have the effect of unblocking it and it shoots water out a bit faster than
before. Still only just about powerful enough to douse a single candle flame
but it's an improvement on before anyway.
        As you do this, you notice a ceiling panel to one side appears to be
loose.

[Your score has just increased by 1 point.]

> x panel
A ceiling panel, now almost pulled right off the ceiling (sometimes, you're
stronger than you look). Behind it, you can see a dark crawlspace.

> open panel
You grab hold of one edge of the panel and, without meaning to, give it a
vicious wrench. It almost comes away in your hand.

> put fire extinguisher in crawlspace
Figuring that you might well need the fire extinguisher again, you shove it
into the crawlspace above you (and then hold your breath for a few moments
and thank your lucky stars that it doesn't come falling back out and brain
you).

> put vase in crawlspace
Careful not to spill its contents, you push the vase up into the crawlspace.

> enter crawlspace
It's going to be quite a struggle getting into the crawlspace, even for
someone as petite as you, but it's certainly safer than trying to pass by all
those flames, so you grab hold of the edge of the panel, hoist yourself up
and...
        Several moments of struggling around in the dark crawlspace ensue.
Moments mainly beset by worry that the fire might spread here, that you're
taking one heck of a risk doing this sort of thing, that you're just asking
for trouble by being here...
        And then you push upwards and emerge from the crawlspace onto the
second floor of the building, even managing to retrieve everything that you
pushed into the crawlspace beforehand.
        Phew! Wasn't so bad after all.

[Your score has just increased by 3 points.]

[MORE]

SSS Second Floor SSS

[Score: 9/22] [Turns: 20] [Locations visited: 3/5]

The flames aren't as fierce on this floor as they were on the one below, but
the entire west wall is still alight and the heat is enough to make you feel
faint. A locked window nearby does little to help air the place out. Several
desks comprise the main area of this floor and there are a row of filing
cabinets lining the end of the room to the north. You don't see any sign of
the woman who was screaming but she must be here somewhere. There are no
other floors after this. Set into the floor, you see a crawlspace leading
down to the first floor.

EXITS: North, south, down

Even before you reached this floor, you could hear the screams. And the
crashes… Is there a fight going on up here? But why would anyone be fighting
in a burning building?
        The screams, and the crashing sounds, seem to be coming from the far
end of the room, behind a group of filing cabinets. And then, between one
moment and the next, they're gone. Deadly silence - aside from the fire -
descends on the second floor.

> use fire extinguisher on fire
You aim the fire extinguisher at the flames, press the button and shoot a jet
of foam from it.
        The foam hits the flames and extinguishes a good number of them, but
the extinguisher starts making a sad little spluttering sound before it's put
them all out. The foam stops shooting and begins to dribble out, until in the
end it's barely even dribbling.
        But at least you've put some of the flames out.

[Your score has just increased by 1 point.]

> smash window with fire extinguisher
You heft the fire extinguisher above your head and slam it into the window
and

ker-ack!!!

it shatters!
        (The window, that is, not the fire extinguisher.)
        This lets in a much needed breeze and lets out some much unwanted
smoke; on the down side, your grip on the fire extinguisher clearly wasn't
tight enough and it continues on through the now broken window and drops down
into the car park below with an audible thud. Just as well the kid has
scarpered or he/she might well have a fire extinguisher-shaped dent in
his/her head by now.

[Your score has just increased by 1 point.]

> n
As you head to the north, there is a sudden flash of light, a cry of pain,
and then a crash heay enough to shake the entire building.

[MORE]

SSS By The Filing Cabinets SSS

[Score: 11/22] [Turns: 23] [Locations visited: 4/5]

The fire (or maybe something more sinister) has caused the roof of the
building to collapse and a huge beam has fallen, pinning to the floor…
someone very strange indeed. For a start she's blue in colour. Not bright
blue, but certainly like nothing you've ever seen before, and her eyes glow
with some kind of inner light. And she's wearing glistening silver body
armour with ragged tears in the side and burn marks down the front. The
carpet about her is wet with a substance that, while green, you would bet
your bottom dollar was blood.
        The air is smoky here, though the fire has yet (fortunately) to
spread this far.

EXITS: South.

A weapon - you once saw an historical film set in Atlantis so you recognise
it as a trident - lies on the floor by the woman and crackles with electrical
power, charring the carpet around it.

"…help me…" gasps the woman, coughing up green blood (green?). "…free me…"
        You hesitate. You didn't expect this at all. You expected the kid's
mom, probably some stressed middle-aged woman with a permanently harassed
look on her face who would carry an endless supply of tissues and sweeties
for her darling son or daughter. She's probably also considering lying in a
burning building pinned to the floor by a beam as a peaceful respite from the
little brat. You didn't expect… this.
        "What are you?" you ask, then wince a little at your rudeness and
manage to change it to "Who are-"
        "…no time…" the woman says. She gasps and a pendant at her throat,
previously shining with a bright yellow light, begins to dim. "…i see my
messenger found you… good..."
        "Messenger?"
        A sudden sharp pain, like an ice pick, strikes you in the head and
you see the kid, then you see his/her features shifting and changing,
becoming taller, older… bluer.
        "…my messenger… found you… brought you to me…" The woman looks at
you. "… now free me… there's no time to explain now… but later…"
        You start to ask "free you how?" but the pendant dims further,
becoming a dull brown in colour, and the woman's head sags to one side. She's
either unconscious or just doing a really good impression of somebody who's
unconscious. Considering she's in a burning building and pinned to the floor,
you're betting the former.

[footnote 1]

> x pendant
If you hadn't seen the pendant change from a bright yellow colour to a murky
brown one, you'd probably just assume it was some kind of jewellery. But it's
clearly more than that.
        You wonder if it has anything to do with the woman being here... and
that hole in the ceiling.

[Your score has just increased by 1 point.]

> x hole
It's several feet wide and looks, in your humble opinion anyway, like
something smashed through the ceiling from above. And if something did smash
through the ceiling from above, they'd probably end up landing...
        Right where the blue woman is lying.

[Your score has just increased by 1 point.]

> kiss woman
Hopefully you're trying this to give her the Kiss of Life (if you're trying
to kiss her for any other reason, shame on you), but unfortunately what's
wrong with her - namely all the blood and the huge beam pinning her to the
floor - isn't going to be fixed with a simple kiss. But at least you tried.

[Your score has just increased by 1 point.]

> put tissue on woman's face
Realising the woman might well die of smoke inhalation before the flames get
to her, you quickly cover her mouth with the tissue. Hardly ideal, but it
should help a bit.

[Your score has just increased by 1 point.]

> give water to woman
You lift the woman's head up slightly and pour some water into her mouth
(hoping that she swallows it and doesn't start choking because if that
happens, you have no idea what to do). Fortunately, she swallows some water
without trouble.

[Your score has just increased by 1 point.]

> get trident
You stretch your hand out for it, expecting to receive a nasty jolt of
electricity the moment you touch it… but your hand closes around the shaft of
the trident and aside from a tingling sensation, like pins and needles, you
take it without trouble.

[Your score has just increased by 1 point.]

> lift beam
You place one end of the trident under the beam and say to the woman, "I
don't know if you can hear me or not but I'm going to try and lever this off
you. Crawl out when it's up, okay?"
        The woman doesn't respond on account of being unconscious but you
decide to go ahead anyway. What with the flames beginning to get awful close,
you don't have a whole lot of time to come up with another plan.
        You start putting pressure on the trident, as much pressure as you
can. This isn't a lot. While you're hardly skinny (you eat way too many
donuts and chocolate to ever be considered skinny), you're not especially
large either. Or heavy. Or strong. You're just over five feet tall and, as
your dad is fond of saying, look like a strong gust of wind would blow you
away. It'd be a fair assessment to say you're not exactly the ideal person to
be levering a heavy beam off a trapped woman, but unfortunately you're here
and no super strong weight lifters are lurking just around the corner, so
it's got to be you.
        You throw your weight (such as it is) against the trident, hoping you
can shift the beam to one side enough to allow the woman the opportunity to
crawl free. At first the trident makes a creaking sound, making you worry
it's going to snap in two, but then it crackles with electricity, flares
painfully hot for a brief moment, there is a sudden smell of charred wood…
and the beam throws itself to one side! And with enough force to put a
sizeable dent in the wall as well!
        The woman's eyes fly open as the weight is lifted off her and she
gives a cry, sucking in several deep breaths. Now the beam is out of the way,
you can see more of her and what you see doesn't look positive. She's got
green blood (yes, green) splattered all over her front and legs and there's a
gash about two inches deep in her side from which more blood is oozing. Or
gushing actually. You're no doctor but even you can tell this isn't someone
who's going to be walking out of the building in one piece.
        She looks at you as if seeing you for the first time. Her mouth opens
and closes a few times, but no words come out. Her eyes are strange, too
narrow to be human and, also, glowing ever so slightly. "…thank you…"
        "We have to get out of here," you say, noticing it has got a lot
hotter in the last few moments. "The fire-"
        "…too late for me…" The woman coughs, blood dripping from her mouth
and onto the floor. Her eyes briefly lose focus then lock onto yours with
force. "…but you... you can get out of here... you can..." She smiles softly.
"Avenge me..."
        "Huh?"
        She extends a shaking, bluish hand towards you. "…give me your… your
hand…"
        You take her hand, ready to help her to her feet, but instead she
pulls you towards her - with surprising strength for someone so close to
Death's Door she could practically reach out and knock on it. You stumble and
fall to your knees, almost landing on top of her. Before you have chance to
ask what the heck she's doing, before you even have chance to think about
what she's doing, she seizes hold of your face with one hand, whispers a
word, and a blinding light shoots from her eyes.
        Into your eyes.
        "What I am, now you are," she hisses. "Find him, Suzy. Find him and
KILL HIM!"
        The light blocks out everything else you can see - the woman, the
fire, everything - and you feel yourself falling, falling, falling…

[Your score has just increased by 5 points.]

[MORE]

If you're reading this: well done! You've successfully reached the end of How
Suzy Got Her Powers…
        You achieved this with a score of 22 out of a maximum possible of 22.
Got less than 22? No need to worry. The main thing is that you reached the
end of the game and you're now well on your way to becoming a fully fledged
superhero. Give yourself a well-deserved clap on the back and break out the
champagne. Whether you realise it or not, the world needs you.

If you want to play the game again, type RESTART.

> quit
Do you really want to quit? [Y/N]
