Loading game...

Take One

TAKE ONE
by Robert Street (Rafgon)

Filming begins today on your new action movie, "Indianette Jones and the Orb
of One." First off is one of the film's main action scenes. The actress
playing the title character is on set and you can see her through the
monitors. You are not sure that she is a good fit for the role. She looks
great, with her blonde hair and the way she fills out her skimpy explorer
outfit, but her acting skills are non-existent. Actually, having talked to
her, her intelligence is also non-existent.

You will have to give her directions on the set. It is a simple set of tasks.
To open the crystal she will have to read the book aloud and rub the ring.
She will then have two and a half minutes to grab the orb and set a trap for
the demon. You are not quite sure yourself yet what you want for some of the
other details. You never did read the storyline you were given by the studio
in much detail. You will just have to watch and make it up as you go along.
She won't be able to improvise, so you will have to.

(Press a key)

TAKE 1

(Press a key)

[Type info for more information about the game. To command the actress, just
type in actions as you would in most other IF games, i.e. north will tell the
actress to move north.]

Passage (on screen 1)
The broken bones of tiny rodents crunch underfoot as Indianette Jones makes
her way along this passage. It is dark and shadowy for the most part,
illuminated poorly by the pale daylight at the end.

The passage extends northeast to the outside world and southwest to an
ancient gallery.

Indianette Jones is standing around, looking bored and waiting for her next
order.

> sw
Indianette Jones moves southwest.

Ancient Gallery (on screen 2)
The walls about Indianette Jones are ancient and crumbling, yet modern
looking portraits hang from them all the same. The faces depicted twist and
writhe in torment. It is almost possible to hear their cries and imagine that
it is a warning for anyone wishing to open up the crystal.  Against one wall
lies a large crystal, as tall as a man and wide as a chariot, in which is
imprisoned the form of… something.

A passage lies away to the south and another to the northeast, at the end of
which a light shines faintly.

Indianette Jones is standing around, looking bored and waiting for her next
order.

> read journal aloud
Indianette Jones flicks through the journal until she comes to the right
passage. She then begins intoning the spell. It is some ancient language, but
it really just sounds like gibberish. It could just be the way she is
pronouncing it though. The journal crumbles into dust after Indianette Jones
is finished. Now all that is left is to rub the ring.

> rub ring
Indianette Jones rubs the ring vigorously. Nothing happens for a few seconds
until a few drips start to appear on the outside of the crystal. Soon these
drips multiply, as the crystal dissolves into a puddle on the floor. The
puddle starts to evaporate, revealing the orb of one. However, the
evaporating black steam from the puddle is beginning to take a physical form.
This is the demon, who will kill whoever released him and eat the orb after
becoming fully formed. He should appear in about two and a half minutes.

> take orb
Indianette Jones takes the orb of one.

> s
Indianette Jones moves south.

Ruined Statue (on screen 3)
Above Indianette Jones towers a broken statue, ravaged by the passage of
time. A crown of stone rests upon its brow, a glittering spherical jewel its
centrepiece.  About the actress lurks malevolent shadows, seeming to move
with a life of their own, although this is an illusion that vanishes the
moment anyone looks closely at them.

Passages in the ruined walls of this place lie to the north and west.

Indianette Jones is all ready to get moving in this chase scene, but she is
waiting for her next order.

On the ground is a jewel.

> use whip on jewel
Indianette Jones cracks her whip at the jewel and misses. The second time she
also misses, but on the third time the jewel is hit and it comes tumbling
down into the arms of Indianette Jones.

> w
Indianette Jones moves west.

Cage (on screen 4)
At the centre of this circular chamber is a cage, sunken into the floor, in
which the remains of some beast lie decomposing. Claw marks on the bars of
the cage indicate the beast fought ferociously to escape its imprisonment,
yet failed. And died. The bars of the cage reach from the floor to the
ceiling. Indianette Jones can just fit through the thin path around the side
of the cage.

To the west there is a large chamber from which a humming sound emanates; to
the east there is a statue.

Indianette Jones is all ready to get moving in this chase scene, but she is
waiting for her next order.

> drop jewel in cage
Indianette Jones throws the jewel through the cage bars into the depression.

> w
Indianette Jones moves west.

Humming Chamber (on screen 5)
Once this was doubtless some kind of meeting hall. Rows of seats spiral
outwards from a central podium where a speaker once stood to deliver speeches
to a waiting audience. Many of the seats are smashed and little but splinters
remain. Burn marks scar the floor and walls; in one place there is what
appears to be a large quantity of books and scrolls that someone has
attempted to burn but abandoned partway through. A faded tapestry is hanging
on the section of wall furthest from the entrances.  A faint humming sound
can be heard, emanating from somewhere in the chamber. It sounds like there
is a machine operating in here.

A passage extends northwest and another to the east.

Indianette Jones is all ready to get moving in this chase scene, but she is
waiting for her next order.

> listen
When Indianette Jones listens carefully, she pinpoints the noise to behind
the tapestry, which she then moves to reveal a machine.

> turn off switch
As Indianette Jones turns the switch off, a creaking noise can be heard to
the east.

> z
Time passes...

> z
Time passes...

> z
Time passes...

> z
Time passes...

> z
Time passes...

> z
Time passes...

> z
Time passes...

> z
Time passes...

The demon lets out a scream, as it finally emerges somewhere behind
Indianette Jones. It moves towards Indianette Jones, but then pauses
momentarily. A horrible crunching sound can be heard, with the demon eating
something.

> turn on switch
As Indianette Jones turns the switch on, a creaking noise can be heard to the
east. Soon a scream of rage can also be heard, with something then thumping
against metal several times before giving up.

> nw
Indianette Jones moves northwest.

Blocked Passage (on screen 6)
The ceiling has collapsed, blocking further access along this passage. On one
wall is an opening that overlooks the outside world, with a window of a
nearby building almost within jumping distance, but not quite. Unfortunately,
the drop looks formidable and difficult to survive, so it is not a good idea
to experiment. A roof overhangs the gap, with a horizontal beam that is
supporting it also not quite within reach.

The passage leads back to the southeast.

Indianette Jones is standing around, looking bored and waiting for her next
order.

> whip beam
Indianette Jones swings the end of her whip towards the beam, which it wraps
around. Holding tightly to the whip she then swings across the gap straight
through the window of the other building. She has escaped the demon and
carried off the orb of one, but the action in the movie is not over yet. It
is over for now though.

Finally this scene is finished and it only took 1 take. You've had enough for
one day. Maybe it will go better tomorrow, but you have the feeling that this
is going to be a long process, especially with all the editing that will
probably be needed. You are going to be very tired soon if you have to keep
specifically ordering the actress around as well as your other duties.

Why are good actresses so expensive?
