Loading game...

Target

Target

by Richard Otter
Version 1.00, 2005

[1st in the InsideADRIFT Summer Comp 2005]

1. Play the game

2. Read the introduction

3. Useful information

4. Credits

> 1

Roof of the Building
You are on the roof of the art nouveau Atlantic Bank Building, which has 16
floors and was built around 5 years ago. A strong wind is blowing from the
northwest and it looks like it could easily rain this morning. A large
antenna is whipping in the wind to your right and the air conditioning
equipment in front of you is making a very loud noise. Just at your feet is
the closed door leading down to the roof exit. You can go north, northeast,
east, southeast, south, southwest, west, northwest and down.  A dirty, smelly
old tramp is lying on the floor.

> x me
You are as well as can be expected, considering the circumstances.  You are
wearing a long leather coat.

> i
You are wearing a long leather coat, and you are carrying a JK54 rifle, a
sheet of paper, a knife and a map.

The tramp asks, "Are you sure you don't have a quid?"
"No," you reply.
He continues, "Are you up here to carry out some maintenance work?"
"Get lost old man," you reply.

> read paper
Mystery, the name of your target is Jerry Porter.
Your target can be recognised by the following description (no photograph
unfortunately) -
He is known to love speed and is very keen on motorbikes. Lost an arm in an
accident two years ago, it does not state which one.
He is also known to favour wearing boots, which is an odd fact to be given.
Unconfirmed sighting in the mobile phone part of town.
The fee is $156,000; to be paid in the usual manner.

You are a little concerned about the poor description Franklin has given you.
 Without a photo you are hoping that not too many people today have a missing
arm.
You can hear the sounds of the traffic below.

> read map
   /\
North

                                        Bailey Road (food)

                Middle Street (mobile)                        Windsor Road
(animals)

Mill Road (art)
 Bridge Street (elect)

                Cambridge Road (gold)                        Lombard Street
(bank)

                                        Grange Street (insurance)

The tramp asks, "Are you up here to clean the windows?"
"Get lost old man," you reply.

> x tramp
It is one of those dirty, smelly, unshaven tramps who hang around the town
and who has probably been drinking far too much. Although, it is a very odd
place for a tramp to be and he looks a lot cleaner than you would expect.
The tramp is wearing a pair of old corduroy trousers, a filthy camel brown
jacket and a pair of trainers, and carrying a bottle.

> throw knife at tramp
Looking around quickly to make sure no-one else is around you take out your
knife and throw it at the poor old tramp. He lets out a scream and then is
silent. Something has fallen from his clothes.

> get knife
You take the knife.

> x tramp
It is the body of a dead, smelly old tramp.  The dead tramp is wearing a pair
of old corduroy trousers, a filthy camel brown jacket and a pair of trainers,
and carrying a bottle and a police radio.

> get badge
You take the badge.

> x badge
It is a police badge, the tramp must have been an undercover policeman.
Somewhere in the distance you can hear a fire engine.

> get radio
You take the radio.

> turn on radio
You turn on the police radio.

Suddenly a voice says, "Echo Three to Echo Four, Echo Three to Echo Four,
come in, over."

Do you answer Y or N?

> y
Speaking into the radio you say, "Echo Four to Echo Three, over."
The voices answers, "Confirm picture taken of suspects, over?"
You reply, "Confirm over."

Turning off the radio, your mind races on what you have heard. "Pictures of
the suspects? They must have taken pictures, so where is the camera?" You
quickly look around but cannot see one, but it must be up on the roof
somewhere.

> search air conditioning
Just part of the roof clutter you get on tall buildings. The equipment is
making a lot of noise at the moment.  A camera is on the air conditioning
equipment.

> get camera
You take the camera.

> s
You move south.

South end of the roof
You are at the southern end of the building which overlooks Grange Street.
In front of you is a low brick wall and as you examine below it seems to be
the insurance part of town. The various buildings around you generate little
interest. From here you can go north.  A man is below you, standing in the
street.
You can hear a police car; you stand still for a moment but it seems to be
heading away.

> x man
Using the scope of the gun you can see that he is wearing a brown jacket. He
also has on white chinos and a pair of leather riding boots on his feet. He
has grey thinning hair and a base up triangular shaped face. With light
stubble, he is a tall and thin build and you notice that he has only one arm.
He is holding a book. At the moment he is changing his weight from one foot
to the other.

> shoot man
Using the scope of the gun you target the man, at the same time moving your
finger onto the trigger. Taking a slightly deeper breath than normal, you
exhale, and then pause. Gently, you increase the tension on the trigger until
the rifle fires. Waiting until the recoil of the weapon has stopped you then
release the trigger.

Your target has collapsed to the ground.  Looks like it is time to leave.

Something hits the roof making a 'ffutt' sound. Looking around quickly you
say aloud, "Hey! That sounded like a bullet?"

> throw camera
You throw the camera over the wall and it disappears out of sight.
Someone has stopped and is looking at the body.

> throw radio
You throw the radio over the wall and it disappears out of sight.
Someone has stopped and is looking at the body.

> n
You move north.

Roof of the Building
You are on the roof of the art nouveau Atlantic Bank Building, which has 16
floors and was built around 5 years ago. A strong wind is blowing from the
northwest and it looks like it could easily rain this morning. A large
antenna is whipping in the wind to your right and the air conditioning
equipment in front of you is making a very loud noise. Just at your feet is
the closed door leading down to the roof exit. You can go north, northeast,
east, southeast, south, southwest, west, northwest and down.  The body of a
dead undercover policeman is lying here.

Something hits the roof making a 'ffutt' sound.
A very loud motorbike can be heard to the south.

> sw
You move southwest.

Southwest end of the roof
You are at the southwest end of the building which overlooks Cambridge Road.
In front of you is a low brick wall and as you examine below it seems to be
the gold centre part of town. None of the buildings around you arouse any
interest. From here you can go north and northeast.  A 9mm round for your
JK54 rifle is lying on the floor.  Below, you can see a man standing in the
street.

> get bullet
You pickup the 9mm round and load it into your weapon.

In a moment of weakness you let your mind wander, and a piece of information
from your training surfaces -
"Line of departure - this is the path the bullet would take without gravity."
You shake your head and tell yourself to concentrate.

> ne
You move northeast.

Roof of the Building
You are on the roof of the art nouveau Atlantic Bank Building, which has 16
floors and was built around 5 years ago. A strong wind is blowing from the
northwest and it looks like it could easily rain this morning. A large
antenna is whipping in the wind to your right and the air conditioning
equipment in front of you is making a very loud noise. Just at your feet is
the closed door leading down to the roof exit. You can go north, northeast,
east, southeast, south, southwest, west, northwest and down.  The body of a
dead undercover policeman is lying here.

Something hits the roof making a 'ffutt' sound.

> nw
You move northwest.

Northwest end of the roof
You are at the northwest end of the building which overlooks Middle Street.
In front of you is a low brick wall and as you examine below it seems to be
the mobile phone part of town. About 300m away you can see the slightly
taller Thompson Tower. From here you can go southeast.  Standing in the
street below, is a man.

> x sniper
The sniper is too far away, all you can see clearly through your gun sight is
his head.

> shoot sniper
Using the scope of the gun you target the sniper, at the same time moving
your finger onto the trigger. Taking a slightly deeper breath than normal,
you exhale, and then pause. Gently, you increase the tension on the trigger
until the rifle fires. Waiting until the recoil of the weapon has stopped you
then release the trigger. The sniper disappears from view, it looks like it
is time to leave.
A very loud motorbike can be heard to the south.

> se
You move southeast.

Roof of the Building
You are on the roof of the art nouveau Atlantic Bank Building, which has 16
floors and was built around 5 years ago. A strong wind is blowing from the
northwest and it looks like it could easily rain this morning. A large
antenna is whipping in the wind to your right and the air conditioning
equipment in front of you is making a very loud noise. Just at your feet is
the closed door leading down to the roof exit. You can go north, northeast,
east, southeast, south, southwest, west, northwest and down.  The body of a
dead undercover policeman is lying here.

> open door
You open the door.

> d
You move down.

Top of the Stairs
With a low ceiling and poor lighting, it feels particularly claustrophobic
here. The banister guarding the top of the staircase has definitely seen
better days and looks a little rotten. The only light is coming from the open
door above you, which leads up onto the roof. The stairs lead down to the
exit from the building.

> d
Going down the stairs will end the game.  Do you want to do this now Y or N?

> y
You go down the stairs.

It looks like you have taken out the right man. The newspapers tomorrow will
contain the story of how someone called Jerry Porter was killed by a single
shot, fired from the roof of the Atlantic Bank Building. Apparently he was
involved with Australian crime gangs and it is believed this was a gangland
killing.

The story also goes on about the murder of an undercover policeman on the
roof of the Atlantic Bank Building. Half to yourself you mutter, "Well he
wasn't that good at being an undercover cop!"

Also in the newspaper is the story of a police marksman who was murdered on
the roof of the Thompson Tower. Someone close to the investigation has
reported that police believe it was the gunman sighted on the Atlantic Bank
Building the same day.

Well, at least you took out the right target. You will need to start thinking
about how you are going to spend the money.

You managed to score 100 out of 100.

THE END

Feel free to report any bugs, send praise or give general feedback to
richardo@delron.org.uk

www.delron.org.uk
