Loading game...

To End All Wars

"The First World War was undoubtedly the most horrible war ever fought,
the most senseless, the most unimaginative in strategy, and,
for the men who found themselves in the trenches,
the most hopeless."

-Wolff, Leon.  In Flanders Fields: The 1917 Campaign.
New York: Ballantine Books, 1958.
Page 1, paragraph 1.

[press enter to continue]

WARNING:

This game contains scenes of strong, graphic violence & some coarse
language--
therefore it is not recommended for children.

[press enter to begin]

For information on how to play, type "help" and press enter.  For assistance
with puzzles, type "hint" and press enter.  For information about the game,
type "credits" and press enter.
Please enter your name:

> Player

SUICIDE DITCH.
The walls of front line trench will never feel high enough for comfort, the
sandbags never thick enough to cease your consideration of your helmet ("i").
   The constant rain of water and bombs has melted the earth into a deformed
wasteland ("x no man's land").  Rot warps the planks of the duckboard track
under your boots into a hazardous maze.  A solitary rat haltingly skitters
across the casings of dead bullets scattered and buried throughout the
trench.   Everything seems to come from everywhere all at once in dizzying
alarm.  The corridors of the trench-- the Lewis gunners to one side, your
section's Vickers in front-- have ceased, somehow, to make sense, drowned out
by voice-noises and danger.  The door over the dug-out is closed secure and
the fire-step, empty, mocks you slightly ("stand on firestep").  Private
Smythe cowers next to you ("assist smythe").  Corporal Butcher mans the
Vickers gun, shouting curses in rhythm with short bursts of gunfire.

> wait
Time passes...

Tremendous explosions beat the earth into sludge & spit up horrifying plumes
of smoke, fire, and debris.  In pauses between certain flashes, there is no
light.  At other times, feeble explosions in the air cast haunting,
miscoloured glimpses of No Man's Land.

Corporal Butcher shouts, "Die, damn you, die!"

> wait
Time passes...

Death comes whistling down from the night skies over your trench, everywhere
blowing new grave pits into the ground.

A shell explodes in a fireball nearby, throwing you flat onto your stomach &
blasting away your perception that Smythe was once a single, solid, and
living thing.  Shrapnel drums on your helmet.

Corporal Butcher shouts, "Why-- won't-- you-- die!?"

> wait
Time passes...

The seeming last of the salvo ceases... and a hush falls over the trench.

> wait
Time passes...

A minute, two, three of silence drags on in tense breaths until blare of the
gas horn fills the trenches.

The noise stuns you & your mind blanks.  Where is your gas mask?  Panic sets
in and all you can think is you don't have it, you don't have it.

Your gas mask is GONE and YOU ARE GOING TO DIE...

[press any key to continue]

To End All Wars
Written using ADRIFT, (c) Campbell Wild, 1998-2008.
Written by Duncan Bowsman-- a historical fiction.
Intro Version: 31 May 2009.

[DISCLAIMER: Any resemblance to real persons, living or dead, is purely
coincidental.  All works included incidentally are creations of their
respective authors.  For more information, type "credits".]

Press any key to begin.

>
