Loading game...

Tenebrae Semper

Tenebrae Semper
An Interactive Fiction Formed in
Exactly 3 Hours for EctoComp 2010

By Seciden Mencarde

WARNING: This game contains scenes
which may be considered violent and
disturbing. If you are offended by this
sort of material, please do not continue.
Otherwise, press a key to begin.

(Author's Note: The game claims that there are five possible endings, but
only three have been implemented in this version - endings 2, 3, and 4 - due
to time constraints.)

The moonlight barely illuminates the dirt trail cutting through the forest.
You're on your way back to the dorm, cutting through this trail to get there.

You hear a scream, and it stops you. "Help!" It's a girl.

You run toward the scream through the darkness, leaping with each step to
avoid tripping over any roots or rocks. The darkness grows darker, and the
scream never gets nearer...

Something is beeping, very loud, piercing into your ears. You open your eyes
slowly. Oh. It's your dorm. You've probably overslept again.

The blaring noise starts to piss you off, so you slam your fist around trying
to find the sleep button. You eventually hit the alarm clock, but too hard -
it falls off your desk and hits the tile floor, cracking into pieces. Well,
at least it stopped.

You growl as you slide out of bed. Tuesdays suck. You grab your clothes, take
a shower, and come back to the room. You say to yourself, "All right, get
ready. Probably only a few minutes till class."

> open desk
You open your desk.  The pens are inside your desk.

> get pen
You take a pen from the drawer.

> examine my dresser
A dresser with several drawers, though given that you're already dressed, its
contents are of little interest to you.  The wallet is on your dresser.

> take wallet
You take the wallet from your dresser.

> examine bookshelf
On your bookshelf is the math book, the philosophy book, the C++ book and the
literature book.

> take math book
You take the math book from your bookshelf.

> examine steve's dresser
An inaccurate clock rests atop Steve's dresser, claiming the time is
currently 0:00 - military time. The top drawer is locked but you've never
seen Steve with a key - not that you would ever look through his stuff.
Steve's dresser is locked.  Steve's alarm clock is on Steve's dresser.

> set steve's clock hour to 7
You change the hour on Steve's clock to 7.

> set steve's clock minute to 42
You change the minute on Steve's clock to 42.
You hear a "click" - did the dresser unlock?

> open steve's dresser
You open Steve's dresser.  The gold key and the silver key are inside Steve's
dresser.

> look in steve's dresser
An inaccurate clock rests atop Steve's dresser, claiming the time is
currently 0:00 - military time. The top drawer is locked but you've never
seen Steve with a key - not that you would ever look through his stuff.
Steve's dresser is open.  Steve's alarm clock is on Steve's dresser, and
inside is the gold key and the silver key.

> take gold key
You take the gold key from Steve's dresser.

> north
You move north.

Dorm Hall - Third Floor
This wing of the third floor has rooms 310-319, the communal bathroom, and
the only stairwell on the floor. It's unfortunate that you're stuck with the
elevator since people are constantly going up and down your hallway to reach
the stairs, but it's convenient to have them so close to your room, too. Your
room lies south.

> down
You run down the stairs and out the dorm's front doors. The campus is oddly
quiet for a Tuesday. It feels more like the weekend, when everyone goes home.
You shrug it off; you're probably just late and everyoe else is in class.
Eventually you arrive at the science building and enter quietly into room
SC-124.

> north
You move north.

Science Center Hallway
This hallway is lined with several doors. One door to the south leads to the
offices, SC-110 to SC-119. Two doors to the north are SC-121 and SC-123,
while two doors to the south are SC-122 and SC-124. At the east end of the
hallway is the door to the stairwell, while the exit lies west.

> unlock stairwell door with gold key
You unlock the stairwell door with the gold key.

> open stairwell door
You open the stairwell door.

> up
You enter the stairwell and climb to the upper floor. You open the door
there, but rather than the expected hallway, you see a forest path beyond.
You hesitate; your mind must be playing tricks on you. Probably best if you
don't step through the door... but you're already on the path. The stairwell
- and the rest of the science building - has vanished.

> south
You move south.

Classroom SC-124
Long tables make up the rows in this room, one on each side of an aisle
seating three or four students. The room doesn't fill because there are so
few students, so the place is rather spacious and enjoyable. At the front of
the room is an enormous desk where the professor often sits when the class is
doing group activities. Just remembering those makes you scoff. You wonder
why no one is here, as you thought you were late.  A clock hangs on the wall,
ticking quite loudly.

> sit chair
You sit in your chair, deciding to wait for the rest of the class to show up.
A thought strikes your mind: you've forgotten your notebook! You left it in
Lauren's room last night when you were studying. You bolt out of the
classroom, leaving your stuff behind, and run back toward the dorm.

> get notebook
You get on one knee and reach for the notebook. As soon as your fingers touch
it, the notebook vanishes into Lauren's room. The door creeks open slightly.

> open door
You push the door and it opens.

> north
You move north.

Room 419 (Lauren's Room)
Very few kids are fortunate enough to have a single room, and Lauren is one
of them. Her bed is perfectly made, and her desk is perfectly parallel to her
dresser, both pushed against the wall. Her bookshelf is filled with all sorts
of books - mostly novels - since she's a literature major. Her door leads
south into the hallway.

> pull sheet
You pull back the bedsheet to find your black notebook underneath. You take
it.

> south
You move south.

Dorm Hall - Fourth Floor
This wing of the fourth floor is also a gateway to the stairwell  with a
communal bathroom, an elevator, and rooms 410-419, the last of which is
Lauren's room to the north. You've loved the girl since you first met her,
but you haven't been able to make any advancements; something in your mind
has been holding you back.

> down
You rush down the stairs - don't have time for the elevator - all the way
across campus, and into SC-124 again.

> take gold key
You take the gold key from the table.

> north
You move north.

Science Center Hallway
This hallway is lined with several doors. One door to the south leads to the
offices, SC-110 to SC-119. Two doors to the north are SC-121 and SC-123,
while two doors to the south are SC-122 and SC-124. At the east end of the
hallway is the door to the stairwell, while the exit lies west.

> west
You make your way back to the dorm, now convinced that you won't be having
class.

> up
You move up.

Dorm Hall - Fourth Floor
This wing of the fourth floor is also a gateway to the stairwell  with a
communal bathroom, an elevator, and rooms 410-419, the last of which is
Lauren's room to the north. You've loved the girl since you first met her,
but you haven't been able to make any advancements; something in your mind
has been holding you back.

> north
You move north.

Room 419 (Lauren's Room)
Very few kids are fortunate enough to have a single room, and Lauren is one
of them. Her bed is perfectly made, and her desk is perfectly parallel to her
dresser, both pushed against the wall. Her bookshelf is filled with all sorts
of books - mostly novels - since she's a literature major. Her door leads
south into the hallway.

> unlock lauren's dresser with gold key
You unlock Lauren's dresser with the gold key.

> open lauren's dresser
You open Lauren's dresser.  The loaded pistol is inside Lauren's dresser.

> take pistol
You take the loaded pistol from Lauren's dresser.

> quit
Do you really want to quit? [Y/N]
