Loading game...

Textident Evil

[The following is a short text adventure designed to test the capabilities of
the Adrift engine. It takes the form of a tribute to the game series
"Resident Evil." Of course, this was made just for fun and not meant to
violate any copyrights. The real Resident Evil is the property of Capcom and
I highly recommend it! I hope you enjoy the adventure! NOTE: Type:
"instructions" for help.]

You've been on hundreds of boring business trips and sold scores of vacuum
cleaners to eager housewives, but little did you know how different this trip
would be. The fateful moment was deciding to take a shortcut through a nearby
city in order to quicken your trip. The strange name, according to the bright
green sign, would remain in your memory for a long time:  "Racoon City." It
would have been better termed "Hell." Halfway through the burg they attacked.
Horrible half-human monsters tearing at the door handles and seeming to feel
no pain when you hit them.

You were so distracted that you barely saw an overturned and burning tracter
trailer. You swerved, missing the conflageration--but not enough to avoid the
crash. You stumble out of your car, senses numb with shock. You have to
escape! The alternative is too horrible to contemplate...

Wrecked Street

Wrecked Street

This east/west thoroughfare is covered with debris and trash. It looks like a
riot occured here. In the distance, you hear the distinctive sound of
screaming. To the north lies the store window of a pawn shop--amazingly, it
is unbroken. A crude barrier of furniture and wreckage lies to the east, and
what's left of your car is now a part of it. The only obvious way out is to
the west.

> instructions

Basic Rules:

No character or part of the environment is described beyond what is given in
initial descriptions. All objects, however, may be "examined." A note about
"survival horror": This genre always has the protagonist facing desperate
odds--this means that sometimes you will die and it won't be fair. This is
not usual for most text adventures, so this is your warning. Save often.

Objects:

Objects can only be "used." If in an appropriate room, or under proper
circumstances, the character will use the object in the appropriate way (i.e.
it's "context sensitive").

Searching:

All rooms can be searched by typing "search [roomname]." Objects you find
will be listed, but remember, you still have to pick them up! You should
search often!

Interacting With the Environment:

It will sometimes be necessary to interact with the environment without using
an object to do so. In nearly all cases, this will be opening doors or
closing them. To do this, you type "open [object]" or "close [object]."

Weapons and Combat:

Characters can find two different weapons: pistols and shotguns. To use a
pistol,  you type "shoot [creature]," or "kill [creature]." To use a shotgun,
 you must type "blast [creature]." It shouldn't need to be said, but you
can't fire an empty weapon. Reloading can be done (if you have ammo) by
simply typing "use ammo."

You have two wound states: "Healed" and "Wounded." The Health Meter in your
inventory will report your current status. Green Herbs may be taken to heal
one level by typing "use herb." If a wounded character is hit again, they
will die.

GOOD LUCK!

> search wrecked street
(Your score has increased by 5)

The only thing of note is a big hunk of brick lying on the road. It looks
like it could do a lot of property damage...

> take brick
You pick up the hunk of brick.

> use brick
(Your score has increased by 10)

You toss the brick into the only thing that isn't broken.

SMASH!! The glass window of the pawn shop makes a satisfying sound as it
shatters into a hundred pieces. It looks like you shouldn't have too much
trouble scrambling through it to the north.

A mangled zombie has found you! It's countenance is feral and hungry, and its
eyes promise only a painful death!

A zombie lashes out at you! It's mangled teeth clamp down on a
arm...chomping! Eating! You stifle a scream and shake it off!

> w
You move west.

Intersection

Intersection

This is (or was) the main throughfare through Raccoon City. A four-lane
highway that is now littered with flaming wrecks and bodies. Some of them
seem to be twitching... Looking back the way you came, you can see a dozen
shuffling figures silloueted by nearby burning buildings. There's no way out
there. A side-road lies to the east, and you can just make out a path through
the wrecks to the north.

> n
You move north.

Highway

Highway

A large sign pointing the way to Route 46 has been toppled by a bus. The bus
lies on its side, burning like everything else. You should move quickly; the
heat here is intense! The entrance to a crumbling building can be seen to the
east; a short scramble through a ditch would get you there. You can also
continue to follow the highway either to the north or south.

> search highway
(Your score has increased by 5)

You suddenly spot a crumpled police car and rush over, looking for anything
that might help you. Pulling open a door reveals an empty seat. The shotgun
clip below the dash is also empty. Nothing! Wait. Bending down, you pull a
gunbelt out of the floorboard. The holster is...also empty! However, you do
spot a clip of ammo in it. Hmmm, this might come in useful.

> take ammo
You pick up the clip of pistol ammo.

> e
You move east.

Pawn Shop

Pawn Shop

This room is cluttered and grimy. The only open space is in the center of the
floor, and a large pool of blood fills it. The owner of the plasma, however,
doesn't appear to be in evidence. A metal door to the west leads back
outside, while another door to the east reads: "No Entry."  To the south, a
broken window also provides a way out.

> search pawn shop
(Your score has increased by 5)
A hurried search reveals...a pistol under the counter! It looks loaded, too.

A mangled zombie has found you! It's countenance is feral and hungry, and its
eyes promise only a painful death!

> take pistol
You pick up the rugged pistol.

> shoot zombie
(Your score has increased by 10)

You blast several rounds into the horrific creature!

BOOM!
BOOM!
BOOM!
BOOM!
BOOM!

At last, it staggers and sprawls at your feet, dead. A pool of thin red blood
seeps out from under its body.

The pistol is now empty.

> e
You move east.

Office

Office

This cramped space is just big enough for a desk and a few battered filing
cabinets. The smell of cigarette smoke seems infused in the walls here. A
door to the west leads back out.

> search office
(Your score has increased by 5)

You rifle through the various papers...and come up with an old newspaper. For
some reason, the article on the front page fills you with dread... You also
spy a medical kit! You quickly rip it open--to reveal a lone syringe marked
"Adrenelin." Great. That's the one thing you don't need.

> take newspaper
You pick up the old newspaper.

> take adrenalin
You pick up the syringe of Adrenalin.

> read newspaper

Umbrella Corporation to Hire 100 Employees!

Umbrella, Inc. announced it would be hiring 100 employees for a new project
in Racoon City. This project, like many others, will be in the field of
benevolent medical research. Once again, we can anticipate great things from
Umbrella!

> w
You move west.

Pawn Shop

Pawn Shop

This room is cluttered and grimy. The only open space is in the center of the
floor, and a large pool of blood fills it. The owner of the plasma, however,
doesn't appear to be in evidence. A metal door to the west leads back
outside, while another door to the east reads: "No Entry."  To the south, a
broken window also provides a way out.
A mangled zombie has found you! It's countenance is feral and hungry, and its
eyes promise only a painful death!

> w
You move west.

Highway

Highway

A large sign pointing the way to Route 46 has been toppled by a bus. The bus
lies on its side, burning like everything else. You should move quickly; the
heat here is intense! The entrance to a crumbling building can be seen to the
east; a short scramble through a ditch would get you there. You can also
continue to follow the highway either to the north or south.

> use ammo

You quickly load the pistol and cock it. Ready to go.

> n
You move north.

End of Highway

End of Highway

You can't go any further to the north here, as the bridge ahead has collapsed
into a trecherous pile of rubble. It looks like a crashed helicopter caused
it. The smell of burning rubber hangs in the air here like a bad memory. A
sidestreet opens to the east, and the highway is still accessable to the
south.
A mutated dog prowls nearby, and its eyes seem to be glowing a dull red! It's
growl is constant and it stinks of death. The dog approaches closer and
closer, its attittude leaving no doubt as to who is predator and who is prey.
You realize that it has you trapped. It moves faster, and doesn't look
willing to let you go without a fight.

> shoot dog
(Your score has increased by 10)

You track the dog with your pistol, aiming for one hellish red eye...and then
it leaps at you!

The muzzle flash from your pistol flares--BOOM!--and the dog suddenly twists
in air! You sidestep as it hits the pavement. You lower the pistol and finish
it off with a few more shots. At last, it stops twitching, and blood spreads
out beneath it.

Your ammo is expended.

> e
You move east.

Quiet Street

Quiet Street

This street seems unnatuarally quiet and empty. The only sound is faint and
disquieting. It sounds like the repeated whining of a rabid cat. The only way
off this road is to the west (where a bigger north/south road can be
glimpsed), or into a sagging tenement building to the north: all other exits
are blocked, either deliberately or through an accumulation of rubble.

> search quiet street
(Your score has increased by 5)

You look around...and see a green herb sticking through a crack in the
asphault! You've heard of these; taken orally, they will provide useful
healing!

> take herb
You pick up the green herb.

> use herb

You quickly chew the bitter herb--and feel life returning to your body!

> n
You move north.

Stinking Hallway

Stinking Hallway

This hallway smells of urine and other, worse  things. A series of doors
leading to no-doubt squalid apartments line the walls. At the end of the
hallway can be glimpsed a set of stairs leading up, while a way out of the
building lies to the south. Halfway there, a body is sitting propped against
the wall. He's dressed in military fatigues and a strange patch showing a red
cross on a white background is stitched onto one sleeve. A massive wound has
soaked the front of the uniform.  Wait! You can see his chest moving, he's
still alive! If only you could revive him...

> use adrenalin
(Your score has increased by 10)

You kneel beside the stricken soldier and quickly press the syringe into his
side, hoping you're doing it right. There doesn't appear to be a
response...then suddenly his eyes snap open and he grabs you by your shirt,
constricting your neck painfully!

"Up...stairs...!" he gasps suddenly, blood trickling from his mouth,
"...helicopter...rescue..."

Suddenly he gasps in pain and his hands go slack.  The soldier slumps
forward, dead. His movement reveals a big metallic object underneath him...

> take shotgun
You pick up the military shotgun.

> u
You move up.

Second Floor

Second Floor

The second floor of the tenement building is as filthy as the first. Further
access up the stairs is blocked by a barricade made of mattresses. You can
see the glow of fires through the window at the south end of the hall.

> south

You head down the hallway, your heart thundering in your ears...

SMASH!

 A hand stabs out of a nearby doorway and grabs for you! You stumble
backwards in terror. With a horrible grinding sound, the door wrenches off
and slams onto the floor. Another of those...things! It shuffles down the
hall towards you, it's filthy, clawed hands swiping at you...

End of Hall

End of Hall

You are standing at the window of the second-floor hall. The stairway lies to
the north.  Peering through the grimy glass and even grimier fire escape, you
can make out several fires raging throughout the area.
A mangled zombie has found you! It's countenance is feral and hungry, and its
eyes promise only a painful death!

A mangled zombie has found you! It's countenance is feral and hungry, and its
eyes promise only a painful death!

> blast zombie
(Your score has increased by 10)

You blast the zombie with the shotgun!

WA-BOOM!!

The weapon kicks violently in your hands, knocking you breathless. As much as
it hurt you, however, it hurt the zombie more. Bereft of a head, it falls to
its knees...and then slumps onto the floor. A pool of blood spills out from
its neck.

> open window
(Your score has increased by 5)

You brace yourself and shove against the top of the window. With the scraping
sound of wood rubbing wood, the window slowly slides up. You step back,
gasping with the effort. The gap you have created now provides access to the
fire-escape.

> s
You move south.

Fire-escape

Fire-escape

Hot winds filled with ash blow over you on this precarious perch. This
firescape is a patented antique, covered in rust and creaking under your
weight. Just a few flights up, however, and you'll be on the roof.

> score
Your score is 80 out of a maximum of 100.  (80%)

> up
(Your score has increased by 20)

You start up the fire-escape, holding your breath each time you hear it groan
under your weight. Twenty feet from the roof, then ten...finally you climb up
the last few steps...

CRACK!

The fire-escape gives way beneath you, and you hurl yourself onto the
graveled roof, cutting your palms. Behind you comes a noise like a
prehistoric beast in its death throes: the sound of twisted metal and
shrieking supports smashing into the street far below.

For awhile you just lay there, gasping for breath. Then you hear it: the low
thrum of a helicopter! You stagger to your feet in disbelief. That soldier
was telling the truth! You see it suddenly, a massive cargo 'copter, lit
underneath by the flames of a dying city. It gets closer...yes! It's slowing
down!

You watch, barely hoping to belive as it settles onto the roof, whipping your
hair in a frenzy of man-made wind. A couple of figures leap out a side door
and rush over. Like the soldier below, they too wear military garb. Grabbing
you roughly, they hustle you back to the helicopter. As soon as  you're
inside, the giant machine lifts back into the sky. Amazingly enough, you're
safe.

"This is Umbrella-7," you can dimly make out the pilot yelling into a hand
mike, "Extraction was unsuccessful. But we have a witness. We're bringing him
back to the Island for questioning!" Quielty, you feel a ball of ice settle
into your stomach. This doesn't sound good. Who are these people? Your worry
begins to grow...but a part of you is still relieved, after all, this
"island" couldn't be worse than Racoon City.

Could it?

Congratulations! You've successfully beaten Textident Evil.
