Loading game...

Seance

The Seance

by quantumsheep

Press any key to continue.

Copyright 2008

October 3rd, 1856

Dear cousin,

It's been almost a year now, as you know, since I lost my dear, beloved
Emily. The war took its toll on me, and to return in time only to see my
beloved wife die after falling into a coma, I cannot help feel that my heart
is forever broken.

Robert, I cannot impress upon you enough my awareness of an Englishman's
duty, especially that of an officer.

However, having served her majesty, I feel that I let my dear Emily down.

I was here only at the end, cousin, and if I had to live that time again, I
have no doubt I would have deserted.

Obnoxious a thought as it may seem to a fellow military man, I would have
come back to be at her side, before she slipped away from this conscious
realm we live in. Before I had to bury her.

Though you will no doubt think it quite mad, over the past few months I have
felt her presence here, cousin. The attic has become my sanctuary now. It is
colder than the rest of the house (even during the summer months) and I
cannot help but think that she is trying to send me a message from beyond the
grave.

In addition, several objects have mysteriously moved around the estate, and I
seldom look in the mirror anymore. I see things that aren't there, Robert!

I know you will think this a foolish endeavour, cousin, but I simply must try
and contact Emily. I must tell her how much I miss her and love her still.
Moreover, even though I will never forgive myself for not being here for her
in her time of need, I want to beg her for her forgiveness.

I do so need her forgiveness, cousin. I cannot go on living like this. Often
I have contemplated joining her on the other side, but alas I lack the
courage.

I will write to you again after the seance has been completed. Please do not
worry. It will be just myself and Madame Sousa, the famous medium. I will
give the staff the week off in preperation for the event.

Yours,

Henry Smith

Press any key to continue...

Hallway

Marble floors pave the hallway, and there are paintings adorned on the plush
walls.

Through the massive windows on the west wall you can see that it is starting
to rain lightly. A storm is no doubt on the way.

A mirror hangs near the main door, with an elaborate carved frame. You seldom
look in it these days. Mainly because it reminds you of how diminished you've
become, but also because sometimes, just sometimes, you catch something
moving behind you that isn't there, if only for an instant.

A stairway at the end of the hallway leads up to the landing, and to the rest
of the house.

You can only move up.
Though expecting a visitor, your heart still jumps when you hear a loud knock
against the glass of the main door...

> open door

Nervously you walk towards the main door, stopping for a brief moment to
adjust your appearance in the mirror and gain some measure of decorum.

Presently you open the door, it creaks open loudly, and before you stands the
infamous Madame Sousa, medium only to those of wealth and prominence in
society.

Though she dresses in the finest garments, Madame Sousa looks uncomfortable
in her clothes, as though she'd be far happier dressed in rags. She speaks
with a thick French accent, and her wild red hair and sparkling eyes betray
an almost unmistakable gypsy heritage.

"Ah! Monsieur Smith?" she enquires as she first catches sight of you.

"Please, madame, do come in!"

Madame Sousa curtseys slightly and you take her hand to guide her into your
home.

A Presence , unseen, follows you from above.
"Monsieur, we should head to the attic I think, non?"

You nod your head in agreement with Madame Sousa.

"Of course, Madame."

> up
You move up.

Landing

The first floor landing of your home.

At the end of the corridor to the north lies the master bedroom.

In preperation for the Seance, and under Madame Sousa's strict instructions,
all doors, except that of the Master Bedroom and the attic, have been locked.

  On closer inspection, the attic door appears to be closed, much to your
annoyance, as you had expressly asked your staff to leave it open.

You can move north and down.

> north
You move north.

The Master Bedroom

The Master Bedroom used to be such a happy place for you and your wife. Now
it seems lifeless and drab.

The bed is a beautiful four poster, though you feel restless around it these
days.

You notice the dresser still looks magnificent, and remember Emily used to
brush her hair in front of its mirror before bed.

The door leads out to the landing to the south.

You feel sure that the dresser moved slightly, but pass it off as your
imagination playing tricks on you.

You can only move south.
Suddenly, Madame Sousa freezes and places a shaking hand to her temple.

"Are you quite alright?" you enquire in a concerned tone.

Madame Sousa shoos you away briefly, her head moving slightly as if she
strains to hear something...

After a moment she composes herself and smiles weakly at you.

"I am quite alright... " she begins.

"I feel, though, that we should explore the bedroom you and your wife shared,
monsieur. I am getting a strong feeling that something useful will be found
there..."

> open dresser
You open the dresser.  The Attic Key is inside the dresser.

> take key
You take The Attic Key from the dresser.

> south
You move south.

Landing

The first floor landing of your home.

At the end of the corridor to the north lies the master bedroom.

In preperation for the Seance, and under Madame Sousa's strict instructions,
all doors, except that of the Master Bedroom and the attic, have been locked.

  On closer inspection, the attic door appears to be closed, much to your
annoyance, as you had expressly asked your staff to leave it open.

You can move north and down.

> unlock attic door with key
You unlock attic door with The Attic Key.

> open attic door
You open attic door.

> up

You walk up the winding iron stairs and enter the attic. Madame Sousa follows
you.

Attic

You shiver at the sudden drop in temperature as you enter the attic.

In the centre of the room is a small table, which, at Madame Sousa's request,
has a candle at its centre and two chairs at either end.

The floorboards seem to creek with very little effort, and you can't help but
have an empty feeling inside you, probably because you've removed nearly
everything that was in here as per Madame Sousa's instructions.

You can see the storm has intensified through the attic windows, and wonder
just how bad it will be...

A single candle sits upon the table.

You can only move down.
On entering the room, Madame Sousa surveys the attic briefly, then breathes
in deeply and nods in satisfaction.

"Monsiuer, before we proceed I have to ask you to give me the key to this
room.

> give key to sousa

You give the key to Madame Sousa, thinking its connection to Emily might be
an important tool in summoning her here.

You are vaguely suprised when Madame Sousa makes sure the door is locked.

"Though we are here to speak to Emily, we must be cautious monsieur," the
clairvoyant explains.

"One can never tell 'who' or 'what' will come through from the other side.
And we don't want to let them out now, do we?"

Madame Sousa walks towards the table, her fingers flowing lightly over the
white cloth place upon it, and lighting the candle that sits in the centre of
the table.

She sits at the table and motions to the empty chair opposite her.

"Won't you please join me, monsieur?" she asks warmly.

> sit at table

Nervously you pull back a chair and sit at the table with Madame Sousa...

Madame Sousa holds your hands tightly, shuts her eyes and takes a deep
breath...

You hear her whispering, small and fast mouth movements caught in the flicker
of the candlelight.

It sounds like some form of invocation or divine blessing, but you struggle
to catch the words...

> chant

You begin to chant with Madame Sousa, slowly and unsure at first. Soon, your
voice is louder than hers...

The candle begins to flicker wildly...

Madame Sousa's eyebrows raise in surprise at your fervour, but she continues.

You feel nervous, perhaps even a little sick. How inconvenient. Yet you know
you must go on. You know you must ask Emily for forgiveness...

> wait
Time passes...
Suddenly Madame Sousa breathes in sharply... You're startled by the sudden
intake of breath...

> wait
Time passes...

> wait
Time passes...
Madame Sousa's head moves back into the darkness, then re-emerges into the
shallow light of the now blue burning candle...

"Someone's here," she whispers, breathlessly.

You see Madame Sousa wince briefly, her eyes shut with even more intensity
for the briefest of moments.

"Someone is here, monsiuer. They have a gift for you... Are you carrying
anything new about your person?"

> open locket

You gently prise the heart shaped locket open... inside are two tiny
photographs... one half holds a photo of yourself, the other, of your dear
Emily...

You shut your eyes, and hear a whisper on the wind...

"...Henry..."

Opening your eyes quickly, you notice Madame Sousa appears to be in some sort
of trance.

She mouths the words, but the voice you hear is not hers.

Impossibly, the voice you hear is Emily's.

"Henry, my handsome, wonderful man. I have missed you so much..."

A sudden wind blasts through the attic from nowhere, blowing the candle out.

You try looking up, and see that a portal of light has appearead above your
head, the ceiling of the attic completely obscured by its brilliance...

> up
(Getting off the chair first)
You move up.

In light

There is literally nothing here. It is as if you are in a great white expanse
of light. No sky. No floor. There is just emptiness here...

Emily is here.

> yes

"I am so happy my love"

Emily asks for your hand, and taking one final look down at your physical
form lying in the attic, you whisper a silent thank you to Madame Sousa.

Taking Emily's hand in yours, you walk together towards the pure white
horizon.
Towards eternity with your love...

Press any key to continue
