Loading game...

3 Minutes to Live

Last thing you remember you were in the casino playing craps. The girl in the
black dress flashed you a wide, white smile. Then cocktails on the terrace .
and it all went dark.

You wake up on a cold hard slab. The first thing you do is try and sit up,
but the ropes wrapped around your wrists and ankles barely let you move.
Fabric is fastened tightly around your eyes, cutting out all traces of light.

'Awake at last?'

It's a voice you never thought you'd hear again.

'Surprised? Some of us are hard to kill, harder to kill than you, at least.'
And he laughs, long and cold. You struggle to speak but the gag muffles any
sound. 'No last words? Well, you have three minutes. One hundred and eighty
seconds until you, and everyone else in this accursed city, won't be speaking
ever, ever again.'

Footsteps drift away and you realise that you're alone. Somewhere far behind
your head you can hear a soft ticking and there is a loud buzzing noise that
sounds much, much  closer.

You need to think but you don't have time.
You're tied up, gagged, blindfolded, and you've got .

Three Minutes to Live

> look

Darkness
A cold slab presses into your back and rope bites into your wrists and
ankles. You can't move more than a few inches and with the blindfold pulled
tight across your eyes you can't see a thing.

Something buzzes somewhere behind you.

> pull rope real hard right
You pull you body as hard as you can to the right, arms straining. The saw
whines somewhere behind you. You hear a snap and feel the rope on your wrists
starting to loosen and then, suddenly, they come away and you work your hands
free.

> remove blindfold
You pull the blindfold away from your eyes and squint in the bright light.

Morgue
The city morgue is state of the art. White and smooth, is has everything from
electric operating tables - moveable slabs set on casters and turntables,
controlled by a complex system of levers and buttons - to an enormous
demonstration screen the length of one wall and a sealed, refridgeration
locker for storing bodies. The main door out of the morgue is a solid block
of metal, firmly locked, and there is also a smaller closed inner panel
leading to the locker.

A large clock flashes its countdown warning. The huge wall screen is
currently dead. The saw spins away to the right of the head of the slab.
A dead coroner lies slumped in the corner.

Things don't look good.

> push lever
You push the lever down. The slab rotates 45 degrees to the right.
 The saw spins happily away to the right middle side of the slab.

> push lever
You push the lever down. The slab rotates 45 degrees to the right.
 The saw spins happily away to the bottom right of the slab.

> press button
You reach out and press the blue button. The saw whines loudly, then rolls
forward.
The saw cuts through the air. It rips through the rope tying down your right
ankle - your foot is free!

> push lever
You push the lever down. The slab rotates 45 degrees to the right.
 The saw spins happily directly at the foot of the slab.

> push lever
You push the lever down. The slab rotates 45 degrees to the right.
 The saw spins happily away to the bottom left of the slab.

> press button
You reach out and press the blue button. The saw whines loudly, then rolls
forward.
The saw cuts through the air. It rips through the rope tying down your left
ankle - your foot is free!
Both of your feet are now free and you hop down from the slab. The red
numbers on the large clock flash 2:53.

You don't have much time left.

> move coroner to slab
You drag the coroner's body to the hard slab, heaving the stiff corpse on top
of the table.

> press button
You hold the body firmly in place, and press the button. As the saw snakes
out, scraping against bone all you can think is I'm a hero, it shouldn't be
like this.  The saw slicing through flesh and the severed hand rolls across
the edge of the slab and drops to the floor. The saw returns to its place.

The large screen flickers into life, and he's there, huge and smiling.

'Good. You're up. But you do realise that was always part of the plan? If I'd
wanted you to die easily, I would have had you shot, or poisoned. I want you
to see your death, to see everyone's death.'

He laughs again, and the screen goes dead once more.

> take hand
You take the severed hand.

> put severed hand on scanner
You press the severed hand against the scanner pad: authorisation granted
flashes up on screen.

'Welcome to the storage room, Dr Quincy,' a smooth female voice informs you.

The inner panel door wooshes upwards and disappears from view. You gladly
toss the severed hand aside.

> go in
You step through the inner door and into a nightmare.
Locker
The Locker is smaller than the main morgue room but just as white. A long,
deep wall of storage drawers faces another wall-length video screen,
currently 0. Someone has decked the room out like a sick joke, a macabre
recreation of the casino you spent the previous night in. A woman leans on a
craps table, a croupier stands before a roulette wheel, a group of men sit
around a poker table. All are dead, in various stages of decomposition, posed
like ghoulish waxworks.

A large bronze case stands under the screen. On top of the case rests a clock
that flashes: 2:48. The only exit is back out through the now raised panel.

For a split second he's back on the screen, looming, smiling. 'Do you like
what I've done with the place?' he asks, and then not waiting for an answer,
he continues, '168 seconds left, my friend. Tick-tock.'

> x table
Three players and the dealer sit around the table, paused midgame. Cards are
scattered in front of the players, but there is a circular divot in front of
the dealer.  On the pontoon table is the jack of diamonds, the king of clubs,
the queen of hearts, the queen of spades, the ace of spades, the four of
diamonds, the seven of clubs, the two of hearts and the nine of clubs.

> take jack
You take the jack of diamonds from the pontoon table.

> take ace
You take the ace of spades from the pontoon table.

> put jack in divot
You put the jack of diamonds inside the circular divot.

> put ace in divot
You put the ace of spades inside the circular divot.

'Click,' says the bronze cupboard.

> take ball
You lift the tiny white ball up from the roulette wheel.

> put ball on 18
You place the ball on the number 18 groove.

A high-pitched click eminates from within the cupboard.

> take blue die
You collect the blue die from the craps table.

> take green die
You collect the green die from the craps table.

> put blue die on 2
You set the blue die down on the number 2. The number 5 stares back up at
you.

> put green die on 4
You set the green die down on the number 4. The number 3 stares back up at
you.

You hear a loud 'click'. It sounds like it came from within the bronze
cupboard.

The bronze cabinet creaks and opens revealing an enormous red button
labelled:

STOP

A low laugh echoes quietly around the room.

> press button
You press the large red button. The timer freezes. You've stopped the bomb.
You look up at the screen, and he's there, eyes blazing.

'I win.' You're defiant.

A smiling face beams back down at you.

'Did you really think it would be this simple? Did you really think you were
going to win.' He laughs again. 'I wanted this. I don't want to kill you, I
want to destroy you. So I'm going to give you a choice.'

A large red 10 flashes up in the centre of the screen.

'The door is open. You're free if you want. You have ten seconds to make up
your mind, and then the door will lock again, forever. Shortly after that the
bomb you've worked so hard to prime, will explode. The bomb you've shut down
was a small, local affair, it would have taken out the building and those
nearby. The bomb you've just set is nuclear. It will destroy the city.'

He pauses, but you do not speak.

'Here is your choice. Leave in the next ten seconds, run like a coward, and
you might even make it. Stay here, and try and stop the bomb, and you'll
almost certainly die. And you'll get to watch as the bomb takes out the rest
of the city.'

You look around the room.

'One more thing. Every thing you've done, every move you've made, every move
you will make is being broadcast to every tv in this city. There's a two
minute delay, of course.'

He laughs one last time.

'Still think you're a hero?'

The screen fades, although the countdown remains.

> out
You move out.

Morgue
The city morgue is state of the art. White and smooth, is has everything from
electric operating tables - moveable slabs set on casters and turntables,
controlled by a complex system of levers and buttons - to an enormous
demonstration screen the length of one wall and a sealed, refridgeration
locker for storing bodies. The main door out of the morgue is a solid block
of metal, standing wide open, and there is also a smaller open inner panel
leading to the locker.

A large clock flashes its countdown warning. The huge wall screen is
currently dead. The saw spins away to the bottom left of the slab.

Also here is a severed hand.
A dead coroner lies slumped in the corner.

> out
You make your choice, and run. Out of the room, out of the building, as fast
as you can. On the street, you grab the first car you see. You pull wires
till they spark, then drive. Left side, right side, pavement, anyway you can.
You drive away, out of the city. You're clearing the limits when you hear it.
You see it in the rear view mirror next, a huge cloud racing you, chasing
you. It's fast, but it's weaker when it hits you. The car flips rolls, as do
you. You're thrown clear, you hit the ground hard, but you're alive.

You're alive.

But not a hero anymore.

[Press a Key]

Three Minutes to Live
by Ren

A Game Submitted for the Hourglass Competition
Completed in: 179minutes

[Press a Key]

It's over. Restart, Restore or Quit?

> quit
Do you really want to quit? [Y/N]
