Loading game...

Tom Ceader : Escape from the south
Your canada's top secret weapon , a spy , however you have been geneticaly
ingeneared and you have the ability to push yourself harder than any normal
man.On your last mission , your satilite comlink was destroyed , you have to
find a way back.

> out
You move out.
The milatary car lot was directly above the lab so most of the cars and
trucks are completely gone , or burned to the point where the engine is
melted in . The ground is paved with black ashfalt and a fence souronds the
area , not a very good fence.There is only one single truck that looks
drivable .

Also here is a swade breifcase.

You can move east and in.

> take case
You pick up the swade breifcase.

> open case
You open the swade breifcase.  Inside the swade breifcase is 150 dollars and
walter ppk pistol.

> take money
You take 150 dollars from the swade breifcase.

> take gun
You take walter ppk pistol from the swade breifcase.

> hot wire truck
You put your head under the steering wheel and cross the wires .

> drive truck to town
You drive the truck to the edge of town , the dust of the road was flying up
as you drove to town .

> east
You move east.
The street is paved and very black , there are no yellow lines along the
middle . There is a building here , it looks like a bar or hotel .

You can move east, west and in.

> in
You move in.
The bar has some people around it , there is a bar tender behind the bar ,
and a couple of stools . The bar is very ill lit with one light in the middle
of the room .
Gorge and Tom are here.

You can only move out.

> order beer
The bar tender doesn't even charge you , he might know who you are!!!!

> take beer
You take a glass of beer from the bar.

> drink beer
You drink the beer , the beer tasted good considering you haven't drank
anything all day.

> hit gorge with gun
You hit gorge with the but of your gun , good job , you fund a cell phone on
him that he was using to contact suvivers . They would have killed you .

> out
You move out.
The street is paved and very black , there are no yellow lines along the
middle . There is a building here , it looks like a bar or hotel .

You can move east, west and in.

> east
You move east.
The paved street has some lights on it , and the usual yellow lines . The
road is black and there is a concrete building in the center , the center
building appears to be a pavilion .

You can move north, east, south, west and in.

> east
You move east.
The street ends here , there is a building here , it looks like a shop of
some sort . The road is paved black , there are street lights near the road
and the basic yellow markers .

You can move west and in.

> in
You move in.
The lock smith is standing behind the order table , there are lots of
machines here . The lighting is provided by two 60 watts light bulbs . There
is also a pop machine and a couch here.
Keymaker is here.

You can only move out.

> ask keymaker about a key
"I'll make you a key , but you've got to pay me in advance"

> pay keymaker
You give the money to the key maker and he starts working on the machines .

> wait
Time passes...
"hey pal your keys ready ."
The keymaker says "Thanks for the job , heres your key" and hands you the key
.
You know there must be survivers so you should leave asap.

> out
You move out.
The street ends here , there is a building here , it looks like a shop of
some sort . The road is paved black , there are street lights near the road
and the basic yellow markers .

You can move west and in.

> west
You move west.
The paved street has some lights on it , and the usual yellow lines . The
road is black and there is a concrete building in the center , the center
building appears to be a pavilion .

You can move north, east, south, west and in.

> north
You move north.
The airport has one concrete building and a paved strip for a runway .

You can move south and in.

> enter plane
You enter the small by-plane and see all the controls , luckely there are
only two you need to use .

> start plane
you turn the plane on with the key , the engine makes a struggling sound the
roars to life .

> push lever
You push the lever forward and the plane starts to speed up .

> pull stick
You pull the stick and the plane takes off . While in the air you manage to
contact commande , then you notice two men who survived detanation on the
ground start firing at the plane . You just managed to make it too the secret
survice runway . The crew takes the plane to the hanger and begins working on
it .

> west
You move west.
The entranceway is very clean and the red carpet is wonderous , there are a
set of stairs leading to the commanders office .

You can move east and up.

> up
you walk up the stairs."hello tom , you did good work escaping from the town
. Its good to have you back in one piece . I'll get right to the point we
need you to do another assignment ."

Watch for my next game at adrift.org.uk or E-mail me at redfire_ca@yahoo.com
You scored 250 out of the maximum 250!
That is 100% of the game!
Well done - you scored maximum points!
