Loading game...

Unraveling God

Unraveling God
An interactive fiction short story
by Todd Watson
Copyright September 2002
Version 1.0

Press:

1. For instructions on playing Interactive Fiction games;

2. For commands unique to this game; or

3. To begin a new game.

Or click on Adventure/Open Game in the menu above to open a saved game.

Introduction

> 3

All around you is desolation, torture, and...

(press any key)

Pain.

A series of cliffs and plateaus form nine rings, six above you, two below. A
boiling river of blood runs through the seventh ring, and you are standing in
it up to your knees. You start to raise one leg out of the viscous current,
but a centaur guarding the shore swings his bow towards you, drawing back the
arrow on the string, and you quickly sink your leg back down. Again, the
blood boils through to the bone, the flesh growing back in spurts.

Something begins to pull at you, wanting to lift you up into the air. You
resist, but the pull is becoming insistent, an end to the pain it whispers in
your head, it would be so good... But no, you cannot, you must not. You
remember why you must endure... endure this agony for eternity? It's only
been four days and yes you are sorry for what you've done but you can't
believe you deserve this.

Then you realize you cannot resist, it has not been given to you to stop
this, and your body is ripped into the air, faster than the centaurs can
react. As you fly rapidly out of the inferno of the pit and past the enormous
gates and the field of wandering souls, you pray your first prayer, calling
out to God to keep you from returning to Earth, to life, to your corporeal
body, begging Him to put you back in the river.

And you reflect on what you have done.

(press any key)

Two months before...

You are sitting at your desk.

Lab office

Lab office
You are in a large corner office at the Superconducting Diamagnetic Field
Study Laboratory on the campus of  the University of Illinois. It's the
largest, and by far the nicest, office in the building, of course. A large,
ornate oak desk occupies the center of the office. On one wall is an
assortment of plaques, on another a book shelf crammed with a variety of
texts. To the north is the door out of your office.

> x desk
An elegant, large, and heavy oak desk, stained a dark mahogany, dominates the
office. A computer fills the front left corner of the desk, and a phone sits
on the right.  A Palm and manilla folder are on the desk.

> x palm
A Palm z575, the latest model with a 600x600 pixel high-resolution color
screen, 64 MB memory, and stamp-sized expansion cards that can add another
512 MB of memory.  The Palm is Off.

> take palm
You take the Palm from the desk.

> turn on palm
Your Palm turns on, revealing today's schedule. It shows "Herb's Big Day!" at
9 am. That was about five minutes ago.

It also shows that 1 pm is your deadline to e-mail the article you've been
working on for Time Magazine to the editors. You make a mental note to take
the folder with you so you can mark it up with final changes for your
secretary to make.

> x folder
A typed label on the manilla folder reads, "Time Magazine draft article."
Manilla folder is closed.

> take folder
You take manilla folder from the desk.

> open folder
You open manilla folder.

> x folder
Time magazine has asked you to write an article in layman's terms explaining
the science behind the work you're doing, work that when successful will
change the world. If you make the deadline, the article should run next week,
probably in the back of the issue somewhere. You figure that within two
years, after receiving the Nobel Prize for Physics, of course, you'll be on
the cover as Time Person of the Year, under the heading: "The Man Who Gave Us
the Stars." You skim the draft once again:

Magnets, Molecules, and Flying Monkeys

By Professor Gabriel G. Markson

Here at the University of Illinois' Superconducting Diamagnetic Field Study
Laboratory (we just call it the MagLab to make it easier on ourselves), our
pet monkey Herb is more famous than any of us. His picture has been seen in
practically every newspaper, magazine, and television on the planet. All the
interest in our Rhesus monkey isn't because he's so cute, but because for
almost six months now, he has been flying.
        What's more, and more importantly, in all that time, he hasn't moved.
Not scratched an itch, not blinked, not twitched, not anything. His heart
hasn't beat, the blood hasn't flowed, the neurons in his brain haven't fired.
The very cells in his body have ceased to function, no cellular division, no
mitosis, nothing. But it goes even deeper still. The very molecules in his
body, even the atoms, are all being held perfectly still.
        Each atom in the universe contains electrons that circle around a
nucleus. If an atom (or the billions of atoms making up a piece of metal, a
cup of water, a monkey, or a live person) is immersed in a magnetic field,
the electrons create their own magnetic field to oppose this external
influence. As a result, the atoms behave as little magnets.
        As anyone who has ever played with magnets has noticed, magnets push
each other away if you try to push the two north or two south poles together.
Similarly, the north pole of the external field will try to push away the
“north poles” of magnetized atoms.
        Our MagLab magnet creates a very large magnetic field about a million
times stronger than the Earth's magnetic field. In this field, all the atoms
inside Herb or anything else we put in the field act as very small magnets.
Essentially, Herb is now built up of these tiny magnets, all of which are
repelled by MabLab's large magnet. The force, which is directed upwards, is
strong enough to compensate the force of gravity that also acts on all of
Herb's atoms. So, Herb floats. This phenomenon was first developed at the
Nijmegen High Field Magnet Laboratory in The Netherlands, where I was lucky
enough to study for my master's degree. While continuing my studies and
working on my Ph.D. at the University of Illinois, I noticed that at
particular field strengths, any live animal I happened to be floating stopped
moving. The first time it happened, I was afraid we had killed our pet. A few
experiments later, though, and we realized the magnetic fields were actually
holding the atoms in  a nonmoving, steady state and that we were on the verge
of developing true suspended animation. It doesn't require freezing and
thawing: just turn off the field and Herb “wakes up,” apparently completely
unharmed. The six month test currently underway is the last step before
testing the suspended animation magnetic field on a human being.
        Just think of the possibilities. The two most obvious are space
travel and incurable medical conditions. For years, people have been using
cryogenics to freeze themselves in the hopes that one day scientists would
have the know-how to unfreeze them and fix whatever ailed  them. Now we'll be
able to do that without the rather difficult problem of unfreezing them. But
space, that's where this technology will make its mark. Getting to another
planet is now a real possibility, even if it takes 100 years for the ship to
get there, or 1000 years, or 10,000 years.
-- end --

And by then, everyone will have forgotten that stupid monkey, and Gabriel
Markson will be the name the entire world remembers. Justin Smith, they will
have never heard of. And maybe he'll be a distant memory for you one day,
too.

The phone rings.

> answer the phone
You put the receiver to your ear and answer with your usual warmth:  "Markson
here."
      "Gabe, this is Mike. It's Herb's big day, what are you doing still in
your office? Three years of preparation for this day, and you're late?"
     "Need I remind you who works for who?" you growl at your subordinate.
"I'll be there shortly. The little sucker hasn't so much as farted in six
months; a few more minutes isn't going to kill him."
     You hang up the phone. Maybe Mike is right, though. It probably is about
time to get down to the lab and see how Herb is doing.

> open door
You open lab office door.

> n
(Getting off the chair first)
You move north.

Lab hallway

Lab hallway
The long hallway runs east-west. To the west are the doors into the lab
proper, and to the east are the MagLab's one classroom and the exit out of
the building. The door to your office is to the south.

> w
As you walk down the hallway towards the MagLab, you thoughts wander away
from Herb, to Claudia....

(press any key)

Pleasure.

Six weeks later....

You like that it's just dark enough to cast shadows around the room. You can
barely make out the shape of Claudia's leg, which makes it that much more
tantalizing as she raises one knee a bit off of the sheet. You reach over and
gently stroke the thigh of her other leg, enjoying the calm after the energy,
motion, and release of the last hour. You've learned that much from Claudia,
at least, to savor these peaceful moments. It would be even better if you
could relax further and drift off to sleep, but Claudia always likes to talk
for awhile, her own way of luxuriating in the afterglow. She rolls up onto
one elbow and looks at you, something clearly on her mind.

> look

In Claudia's bedroom

In Claudia's bedroom
Various science journals and textbooks on magnetics lay scattered on the
floor with the latest Wally Lamb novel, all laying on top of jog bras and
sweatpants. A print of "Flaming June" decorates one wall, but Claudia has
tucked tomorrow's to do list into the corner of the frame ("I always look at
this painting when I get up, and this way I won't forget my list," she once
told you.) The hall out into the apartment is to the east, and the master
bathroom is to the south.

Claudia is here.

> talk to claudia
Running your hand further up her leg and over her stomach, you ask her what's
the matter.
     "Oh, it's not that anything is the matter. I'm just worried about
tomorrow's test. I still wish we knew what was causing the disorientation
we've all experienced."
     She's talking about the side effect of the diamagnetic field on humans.
Herb and every other animal you've tested the field on has seemed unaffected
as any test can determine.
     The end of Herb's six month stint of suspended animation a
month-and-a-half ago had been a huge success. Bowing to the huge pressure
from the press and the University administration to prove the field worked on
people, you had stepped onto the larger magnet two days later, and Claudia
had turned on the field.
     For the next three minutes, you had floated a foot above the magnet,
rigid and motionless all the way down to your very molecules. When Claudia
turned off the field, you were fine, other than experiencing momentary
dizziness. Longer times in the field produce a more noticeable dizzy spell
and disorientation. So far, you haven't been able to determine what's causing
it, but you, Claudia, Mike, and a few other assistants have been testing the
field on yourselves in increasingly longer durations.
     You decide to tell Claudia:
     1) Not to worry so much;
     2) You're worried, too;
     3) It's either push on or give up; or
     4) Not to say anything at all.

> 1
     "You worry too much sometimes, I think," you tell her. "I'm still
convinced it's simple disorientation from people or objects in the lab having
moved while you're under. To you, it looks like they've moved
instantaneously. Magical teleportation -- your brain just has a hard time
grasping it."
     "Well, it's as good of an explanation as any," Claudia admits. "Of
course, it's also a wild-ass guess. I'd rather have something a little more
scientific to go on before you go under for such a long time."
     The longest anyone has been under so far has been five hours, which was
you, of course. The disorientation as you came out of the field was
nauseating, but bearable. You're not too concerned.
     Claudia seems like she has more to say, unsurprisingly.

> talk to claudia
     "I know this may seem strange this far into things, but do you ever
wonder if we're pushing things too far?" she asks. You give her your patented
"what on earth are you talking about?" look.
     "I mean," she says, "I guess what's really making me nervous is I can't
help thinking we're crossing the boundaries of the universe's natural laws.
We're creating an artificial environment where atoms hold still -- that
doesn't happen anywhere else in all existence. We are forcing something to
happen that wasn't meant to be."
     Suddenly she rolls over and looks at you, an earnest pleading in her
eyes. She puts her hand on your chest. "Gabriel," she asks. "Do you even
believe in God?"
     In all the nights you've spent in this apartment, the subject of
religion has never come up. You ponder telling her:
     1. Of course you believe in God;
     2. You want to believe, but you have your doubts;
     3. No, God clearly doesn't exist; or
     4. Say nothing at all.

> 1
     "Of course I believe in God," you tell her. "How could I not? I look
around me and I see His works everywhere, and I'm constantly amazed by them."
     You see immediately that this is indeed what she wanted to hear. You
decide not to add that you sincerely hope the traditional view of God isn't
accurate. You sure as hell don't want to be judged for some of your actions
after you die. Claudia smiles, which proves the omission wise.
     "I can't tell you how glad I am you say that, Gabriel," She says.
"Because I believe, too, very much. I became a scientist to study and learn
first hand how God's great creations work, but I'm concerned now because
we're taking the operating system and tweaking it just a bit. We don't really
know what the ramifications might be, what might happen. And when I lie here
at night thinking about it, it scares me sometimes, how we're breaking the
rules, like we're unraveling God himself."
     You had no idea Claudia had such strong religious feelings. It's pretty
obvious she wants to keep talking about this.

> talk to claudia
     "Unraveling God?" you chuckle. "That sounds awfully ominous."
     "I'm serious, Gabe. Despite having become a scientist, I can't help but
wonder if the medieval and renaissance theologians didn't have the right
idea. Before then, priests and monks were expected to be well educated and
studied the physical sciences.
     "Then guys like Galileo came along with obscene notions, like the earth
revolving around the sun. Suddenly it started to look like science might
disprove accepted religious fact, and science and God parted ways.
     "I study the world, though, and I wonder if those afraid of science were
afraid for a good reason, even if they didn't know it. Every day researchers
around the world push the boundaries of what's physically possible. Maybe
it's part of our free will to take science too far. What if the consequence
of breaking the rules God established for running the universe is that the
rules stay broken? What if we're the one's to make that break?"
     You consider telling Claudia:
     1. That's an interesting idea;
     2. Maybe she should become a nun;
     3. That makes no sense at all; or
     4. Say nothing at all.

> 1
     "Well, that's an interesting thought," you tell her. "You're saying that
altering physical laws might not be temporary? So, say someone figures out a
way to create anti-gravity, suddenly there'd be no gravity?"
     She grins at the obvious absurdity of the idea.
     "I know it's silly," she admits. "But that's the general idea, yes."
     "Well, we're safe, then," you say, starting to enjoy the late-night
pseudo debate. "We're not really breaking any of the laws of physics, we're
just applying them in creative and unique ways."
     She laughs, her odd introspective mood broken.
     "Seriously, though," she says, "I still can't shake the feeling
something isn't right. No, I don't think magnetism will suddenly cease
working, but I do worry that we're failing to anticipate something out of
ignorance of the field's effects. We should understand what's causing the
disorientation."
     "All right, all right," you say. "I give up. I hereby authorize ten more
days of testing, but then I'm going under for at least four days, whether we
know the answer or not."
     Claudia smiles with relief. Not that there was any doubt, but you're
glad she will continue to support you and the project. After all, that's why
you decided to get Claudia to fall in love with you in the first place.

(press any key)

Triumph.

Ten days later....

You are in the MagLab.

> look

MagLab

MagLab
The premier diamagnetic field research lab in the world is surprisingly
small. The room is maybe 75 feet long and only about 25 feet wide. An
assortment of shelves, tools, and computer and electrical equipment line the
walls all the way around the lab, except for one corner of the room where a
cage for Herb sits when he's here and not being suspended in the
superconducting diamagnetic field. The two field generators, one larger than
the other, take up the center of the room. Cables run from each across the
floor to a row of computers sitting on a table. The hallway out of the MagLab
is to the east.
Mike's loud voice makes it hard not to notice he's in the room.

Claudia is here.

> climb on machine
You climb the rungs up the side of the large field generator and stand on the
platform. Even though you've done this several times before, you can feel a
little adrenaline quickening your blood. This will be the first test of more
than a few hours; at 110 hours, you'll be under for just over four and a half
days. You glance over at Claudia and Mike, standing in front of the computers
and looking at you expectantly. All that remains is to give one of them the
word and they'll turn on the machine. In four days, they'll wake you up and
your place in history will be secured.

> talk to claudia
     You wish briefly that the extra ten days of testing had paid off. The
disorientation you and the others experience when the field is shut off is
still inexplicable. You conclude for the thousandth time that it must simply
be caused by people or equipment in the room having moved at least a little
bit while you're suspended in the field. Your doubt fades; this is no time to
be anything other than confident. You're about to finalize what you know will
be the greatest technological advance of the 21st century. You're about to
give man the ability to reach the stars. Elation fills your chest and you
tremble in eager anticipation. Four days for them, and an instant for you,
and then everything you've worked for, every sacrifice you've made, every
sacrifice you've made others make, every decision made in the name of
ambition, will all be vindicated.
     "Do it, Claudia. Turn on the machine."
     She looks at you calmly, her professional demeanor impeccable. She knows
the video cameras are taping every moment.
     "Ok, Gabe," she says. "Here we go. See you in just a second!" With that,
she reaches out and taps a key on the computer.

(press any key)

Judgement.

Two years before...

You are in a classroom.

Wearily, you open your eyes wider. Giving tests has to be one of the most
boring aspects of teaching. The students struggle with the exam while you sit
at your desk, struggling to stay awake. You'd been almost dreaming, oddly
imaging yourself wandering, walking listlessly across an endless plain of
short brown grass toward a towering jagged cliff. Then Gary Hendricks, an
up-until-now promising student, snickered, jarring you alert. The snot must
have noticed you starting to drift off. That mistake just might be reflected
in his grade, you decide.
     A noise at the open classroom door catches your attention, and you see
Justin Smith practically jumping up and down in the hall, obviously very
eager to tell you something.
     As class and the exam ends, the students file out, leaving their tests
on your desk as they go. Justin can stand it no longer and pushes his way
through them to your desk.
     "Professor Markson, I've been working on something for days, it's ready,
you've got to come down to the lab and see this, you're not going to believe
it!" He's so excited, he's practically exuding excess energy. Before he can
run off, though, you stop him by handing him the stack of exams.
     "I'll be there in minute, Justin. In the meantime, don't forget you need
to grade these for me by tomorrow morning."
     He just grins and runs off.

> s
You move south.

End of hallway

End of hallway
The doors out of the laboratory building are to the east, and the lab's
single classroom is to the north. Your office and the main MagLab are to the
west.

> w
You move west.

Lab hallway

Lab hallway
The long hallway runs east-west. To the west are the doors into the lab
proper, and to the east are the MagLab's one classroom and the exit out of
the building. The door to your office is to the south.

> w
You move west.

MagLab

MagLab
U of I's underfunded diamagnetic field research lab is unsurprisingly small.
The room is maybe 75 feet long and only about 25 feet wide. An assortment of
shelves, tools, and computer and electrical equipment line the walls all the
way around the lab, except for one corner of the room where a cage for Herb,
Justin's pet Rhesus monkey, sits when he's here and not floating in the
superconducting diamagnetic field. A small field generator takes up the
center of the room. Cables run from it across the floor to a computer sitting
on a table. The hallway out of the MagLab is to the east.

Justin is here.

> talk to justin
     "All right, Justin, what's all the excitement about?" You smile
indulgently, returning Justin's goofy grin. Justin is one of those people who
is just too happy and quick to smile to be able to work up a good dislike of
him, even if you wanted to. His enthusiasm for science in general and
magnetics in particular is contagious. You have to admit, since beginning his
study with you last year, he's somewhat singlehandedly revitalized your
interest in your chosen research field.
     What had at first seemed so promising when you were earning your Ph.D.
had rather fizzled into an interesting but obscure branch of physics without
a whole lot of practical application. Then Justin arrived in your department,
enamored with the idea of floating living objects simply because it was "so
damn cool," and he persuaded you to let him experiment with levitating every
animal he's been able to sneak into the lab, starting with frogs and
chipmunks and working his way up to puppies.
     You finally drew the line when he tried to bring in a live porcupine
he'd caught, and arranged for a genuine research animal for him. Of course,
Justin adopted the monkey the day he arrived, named him Herb, and has since
been teaching the thing to do all sorts of acrobatics while floating in the
diamagnetic field, usually while sticking a finger up its nose or some other
unfortunate place. You're expecting that Justin has called you in because
Herb has finally mastered the quadruple twisting back flip.

> talk to Justin
     "Look, Professor Markson, check out Herb! Look at that! Have you ever
seen anything like it?"
     As you figured, Herb has a new trick.
     "So, Justin, you've taught the little ankle biter to hold still. I must
admit that's an improvement to letting him run all over the damn lab."
     "No, professor, take a better look. Seriously, look at him."
     You do. As moments go by and Herb doesn't move, you take a closer look.
Herb is more than holding still. He isn't blinking, his eyes aren't moving,
he isn't even breathing. More than a little surprised, you exclaim:
     1. What in the hell have you done to him, Justin?
     2. Christ, Justin, you've killed the little geek!
     3. I am not having the University buy you another monkey.
     4. Well, I guess it's back to floating squirrels.

> 1
     Herb is clearly dead, and you know Justin is going to be upset, but you
can't help yourself.
     "What in the hell have you done to him, Justin? Did you do something
that killed him, or do you think he's had a heart attack?"
     Justin just laughs.
     "No, professor. Check this out." Justin taps on the keyboard of the
control computer. Suddenly Herb becomes very animated and begins chittering
like crazy and spinning over and over in a series of midair somersaults. You
couldn't have been more stunned if your father's corpse had just walked
through the MagLab doors and struck up a conversation.
     "I say again, what in the hell..." you finally manage.
     "Isn't it cool?" Justin asks. "I noticed a couple of days ago that Herb
was totally motionless for a couple of seconds. I've been adjusting the
specific field strength, intensity, and amplitude, until I could hold him
steady indefinitely. At first I thought it was killing him, too. But when I
alter the field in the slightest, he wakes up and acts like everything is
fine. It's like some sort of suspended animation."
     Yeah, exactly like, you think.

> talk to justin
     "Well, Professor Markson, what do you think?" Justin asks. He taps on
the keyboard, adjusting the field, and Herb suddenly freezes in
mid-somersault.
     You've not felt your brain whirling around this fast since you were
trying to complete your thesis with two days left to your deadline and about
a week's worth of work to go. If this is what you suspect it is, it's going
to make you more famous than you had ever dreamed might be possible. You and
Justin. You glance over at him, and realize that for all your fondness of
him, the big geek is not exactly the type of person you'd want sharing an
awards podium with you.
     "Justin, we need to take this slow." His smile becomes a little tenuous.
"Don't get me wrong, but I think we should keep this to ourselves until we've
had time to study it in detail, until we know exactly what's happening here.
The last thing we want is newspapers writing that we've discovered suspended
animation and then two days later Herb really does die from whatever we're
doing to him. That would be the end of our careers."
     Justin holds up his hands and says, "Way ahead of you, professor. I
haven't told a soul, not even Claudia." Claudia is the other uptight prude of
a graduate assistant working in the lab. You could shove a lump of coal up
her butt and a week later she'd crap a diamond.
     "Besides," Justin continues. "I'm pretty sure I've got the theory mostly
worked out. I've written it all down, although it's obviously a limited-scope
draft."
     He hands you a paper, about 30 pages long.
     "Look, professor, I've got to go meet my girlfriend for supper. Why
don't I swing by your house in a couple of hours? That will give you time to
read my paper over and we can figure out what to do next, okay?"
     Numbly, you nod your head. Justin smiles again, takes Herb out of the
field, and walks out of the lab, Herb sitting on his shoulder and holding
onto his hair.

> e
You move east.

Lab hallway

Lab hallway
The long hallway runs east-west. To the west are the doors into the lab
proper, and to the east are the MagLab's one classroom and the exit out of
the building. The door to your office is to the south.

> e
You move east.

End of hallway

End of hallway
The doors out of the laboratory building are to the east, and the lab's
single classroom is to the north. Your office and the main MagLab are to the
west.

Justin's whirlwind demonstration not only has left you flabbergasted, but you
realize that you feel a twinge of jealousy at his discovery. You really wish
it had been you, and you alone, who had noticed this unexpected and
potentially monumental side effect of the diamagnetic field. Still, if his
discovery holds up to the extensive testing you're already formulating in
your head, you and he together will be extremely famous. Right this moment,
though, there's not much else to be done other than drive your car home, look
over his paper, and wait for Justin. It's not unusual for you to have your
grad students over for a brainstorming session, or just to have a few drinks,
but this time you wish you were meeting back at the lab, even if it will be
late at night. One thing is for sure, though: you'll be cancelling all of
your classes for the rest of the week, and you and Justin will be locking
yourselves in the MagLab starting tomorrow morning.

> e
You move east.

Outside the MagLab

Outside the MagLab
You've stepped outside of the Superconducting Diamagnetic Field Study
Laboratory, and can see much of the campus of  the University of Illinois
from here. The lot where you always park is to the south.  As nice of a day
as it is, though, this isn't a good time for enjoying the sunshine. Nor is it
a good time to let your nerves get the better of you. It is time, right now,
to get down to the lab proper and get on with the long-duration suspension.

> s
You move south.

Parking lot

Parking lot
One of U of I's many parking lots, this one is relatively small and is
reserved for the university faculty, which you qualify as, even if most of
the other engineering professors have never heard of you. The MagLab is to
the north.

Your Ford Mustang is sitting here, looking damn good, as always.

> get in car
You climb inside the car and sit down on the fine leather of the driver's
seat. Once again you are ready to drive the car.

> drive
You pull out of the parking lot, and wind your way through town. You pass
college bar after college bar, endless pizza joints and cheap pasta places,
and the occasional eatery worth entering. Students litter the streets. Most
of them seem to be dressed in the current 90s retro fashion you can't stand
-- baggy trousers with knee high crotches, underwear abounding. You pass
through the center of town and move onto the suburbs. Eventually, you turn
down your street, the blissfully quiet Oak Point Drive, and pull into your
driveway.

> get out of car
You climb out of the car.

Driveway

Driveway
You are in the short concrete driveway in front of your house. It's one in a
row of two-story brick houses. You think it looks exactly the way a
professor's home should look: a little old, a little run down, a little
quaint. A sidewalk leads north from the driveway to the four concrete steps
up to the front porch.

Your Ford Mustang is sitting here, looking damn good, as always.

You are thinking about the potential medical applications of magnetically
"freezing" atoms in place, when, with an impact that literally makes you
gasp, the thought occurs to you that with true suspended animation, space
travel at sub-lightspeed is perfectly feasible. It wouldn't matter, to the
passengers at least, how long it took the ship to reach its destination. With
a shudder of awesome near disbelief, you realize that you could be the man
who gives the stars to the human race. Or rather, you and Justin.

> n
You move north.

Front porch

Front porch
You are standing on the front porch of your home. On nice nights, you like to
bring a chair out here and relax with a little scotch and soda. The door into
your house, which you keep locked religiously, is to the north.

> unlock door
You unlock the front door with your house keys (on the ring with your car
keys).

> open door
You open front door.

> n
You move north.

Hallway

Hallway
The foyer of your house is really just a hallway. The lighting is dim enough
to disguise the age of the hardwood floors and hide some of the faded spots
on the walls. A rather striking stairway to the right leads upstairs, to the
west is the living room, the kitchen is down the hallway to the north, and
the door out of the house is to the south.

Justin better not take too long getting here, you think.

The more you think about it, the more depressed you become. You've been
studying high-intensity superconducting diamagnetic fields for nearly ten
years, and Justin in less than 12 months discovers an application for it
beyond all imagination. It just isn't right, or fair, even if he has no
choice but to share the glory with his professor. Not that you're overly
excited about sharing the coming limelight.

> skip delay
No time to look around, eh?
The doorbell rings.

> answer the door
You open the front door; Justin's goofy grin is staring you in the face when
you do.  His eyes seem a tad less bright than normal, and you catch a whiff
of Jack Daniels as he says,"Hey, professor!" and steps into the hallway,
swinging your front door shut behind him.
     "Well, did you read my paper?" he asks.

> talk to Justin
     "Of course I've read it, " you respond. "And I'm very excited about the
possibilities..."
     Justin is trying with difficulty to remove his denim jacket, but the
task seems to be beyond him.
     "How much have you had to drink, anyway?" you ask.
     "Oh, just a few celebratory drinks with my girlfriend," he replies, but
now you detect a slight slur in his voice. "Don't worry about it, prof, I'm
sober enough. What do you think, are we going to be rich and famous?"
     "Rich? I don't know, maybe. Famous? Yes, Justin, I really think we are
going to be exceedingly famous. But let's not get ahead of ourselves; first
we've got a lot of testing to do, starting tomorrow..."
     "Hey, professor, sorry, but I really got to take a leak," Justin
interrupts, and bounds up the stairs. As he nears the top, he spins around.
     "By the way, I called Claudia and told her to meet us here. She ought to
be here soon."
     Just great you think, but then all thoughts of your annoying female grad
student evaporate from your mind as Justin stumbles when he turns to continue
up the steps. You see his eyes widen in surprise as he grabs for the railing
and misses, as one foot lunges forward for a support that isn't there, as his
weight shifts too far forward, as he falls.
     God, does he fall. The first thing to hit the steps is his face, with a
crunch that brings the taste of bile into the back of your throat. His head
snaps back with the impact, but his body keeps pitching forward, and you hear
his neck crack like you'd snapped a thick stick over your knee as he rolls
down the steps, landing on his back at your feet.

He looks up at you, gasping for breath, mouth moving like he's trying to say
something.

In fact, you find yourself thinking, you probably would have eventually made
this discovery yourself. After all, you were still trying to run at least one
new experiment a month yourself. Sure, it might have been another year or
two, but it was really only a matter of time. Damn, damn, damn.

> talk to Justin
     Blood is already trickling out of his mouth, as he gasps in air and
tries to talk.
     "Oh god, professor, I can't feel my arms, I can't move my feet!" He
begins to hyperventilate with panic, but his breath is a wet rasping sound in
his chest. The blood is flowing faster from between his lips.
     "Jesus, Justin, oh Jesus," you cry, kneeling down beside him. "Stop
trying to move."
     Your hands are shaking, your own blood pounding in your ears, you don't
know what to do, help, you've got to get help, call for help, phone in the
kitchen....

> x Justin
His long body is broken, his neck canted at a severe angle. Two splintered
ribs are sticking out of his left side, a stain of blood growing on his
shirt. His right leg is twisted up behind him. His nose is broken, and
probably his jaw, although that seems trivial compared to the rest of his
injuries.

> n
You move north.

As you run down the hallway toward the kitchen, Justin's fall replays itself
in your mind. It happened so fast, was so unexpected, so violent and
horrible, and you can't grasp that it really did happen, that he really is
laying on your floor, bleeding to death from internal injuries. You were just
resenting him, how petty that seems now, you never wanted anything like this,
and then, unbidden, the thought occurs... it was almost like this was fated
to happen.

Kitchen

Kitchen
A glance at this well-organized kitchen should tell anyone that not only do
you like to cook, but you are probably very good at it. The kitchen has been
recently remodelled, and you designed ample counter space for so small of a
room. There's a stainless-steel-sided refrigerator, a modern stove and oven
that looks like it was made in 1950, a sink and faucet, and a microwave
hidden behind a cabinet door. A rack of pots and pans hangs over the island
in the middle of the kitchen. A small table with four chairs sits in the
corner of the room, and a phone is attached to the wall next to the fridge.
The hallway is to the south.

> call 911
You shakily grab the phone, and dial  911....

You can't change the past, Gabriel, and that is not what happened, is it? No,
what happened was this:

You hesitate, thoughts of fated accidents clouding your mind, thoughts of a
discovery that should have been yours pressing down on you, thoughts of fame
and a legacy unshared pushing your hand back down, and then you hang up the
phone without dialing. Dazed, unsure of yourself, you stand in the kitchen
not moving for several minutes. Then, slowly, you open a cabinet, take out a
short glass, put ice from the freezer in it, and with trembling hands pour
yourself a double shot of scotch. Then you walk into the living room, past
Justin, trying not to look at him, trying not to hear the gurgle of his
breathing, and sit down in your leather chair. And sip your scotch. And read
Justin's paper one more time.

You are sitting in your living room.

Living room

Living room
The cozy living room now seems unreal, with Justin lying just feet away in
the hallway. A bookshelf covers the north wall, a fireplace sits in the
middle of the west wall, and the south wall has a picture window looking out
on your front yard. You keep the room dark and moody, with lamps behind the
brown leather chair and large couch for ease of reading. A small table rests
beside the chair. The hallway is to the east.
The doorbell rings.

> e
(Getting off leather chair first)
You move east.

Hallway

Hallway
The foyer of your house is really just a hallway. The lighting is dim enough
to disguise the age of the hardwood floors and hide some of the faded spots
on the walls. A rather striking stairway to the right leads upstairs, to the
west is the living room, the kitchen is down the hallway to the north, and
the door out of the house is to the south.

Justin is here.

> answer the door
You open the front door. Claudia is standing there.
     "Hello, professor," she starts. "Justin said he had something really
important to tell me and to meet him over here, and..."
     She pauses, finally looking at your ashen face. You step back and she
sees Justin's twisted form laying at the bottom the stairs.
     "Oh god! Justin!" she whispers, and rushes to his side. She looks over
her shoulder at you. "He's barely breathing! What happened?"
     "He fell. Just now. I was about to call 911," but you're talking to no
one, as she has already rushed to the kitchen. You hear her on the phone, and
she comes back after only a minute, sitting down next to Justin and taking
his hand.
     "It's okay, honey," she tells him. "Help is on the way." He doesn't
respond, and she glares up at you.

> talk to Claudia
At first, you're not sure what to say. It's clear she thinks you've failed in
some way, that help wasn't already on the way. You kneel down beside her. You
finally decide to say:
     1. He just fell;
     2. It wasn't my fault;
     3. He'd been drinking; or
     4. I'm sure he's going to be all right.

> 1
    "Claudia, listen to me. He just fell, seconds before you got here. I was
still in shock, hell I still am, I was about to call for help when you rang
the doorbell."
     She looks at you, and her harsh eyes soften just a little.
     "I know, professor. Of course." She looks down at him. "I think he's
dying."
     "No, of course he isn't," you reassure her, hoping you sound sincere.
You hear the sound of sirens growing closer. "I'll be right back."
     You run into the kitchen, and shove Justin's paper behind the garbage
disposal underneath the sink. You look down the hallway at Claudia, and try
to think. The sirens are loud, now. They're almost here. How much had Justin
told her? Nothing, everything? You can see her convulsing with sobs, hear her
crying out to Justin to wake up, to keep breathing, and you decide to use her
shock and grief at this tragic accident to your advantage. You'll seduce her.
You bet that in the next few days you'll manage to take her to bed, and
within a month she'll fall in love with you, her brilliant and dashing
professor, who is on the verge of changing the world. And if she loves you,
she'll believe that you made the discovery yourself, that Justin had called
her over tonight because you had shown him the most amazing thing, and she
needed to be brought into the loop. You step back into the hallway just as
Claudia opens the door for the police and paramedics....

(press any key)

Death.

Day of the test....

You are standing on an endless plain of short, burnt grass.

> look

A field

A field
As far as you can see, the plain stretches before you. The light is flat, as
if at dusk on a cloudy day. The grass beneath your bare feet is brown and
dried, burnt out from the oppressive heat of this place. You see other
people, as naked as you are, walking aimlessly, as far as you can tell. A
wall of cliffs line the distant horizon, but you're not sure what direction
they are from here.

> n
As you walk along, the cliffs get a little closer.

> n
As you walk along, the cliffs begin to loom a little higher.

> n
As you walk along, you realize that the cliffs you are approaching must be
immensely high.

> n
As you walk along, the cliffs are now towering over you. In front of you
seems to be an enormous gate carved into the rock.

> n
As you walk along, you get to where you have to arch your neck back to see
the tops of the cliffs, and the closed gates in front of you are as high as a
ten story building.

> x gate
At least 80 feet high, the stone gates set into the rock of the cliff itself
are the only distinguishing feature for as far as you can see. In letters 10
feet high are the words, "Abandon all hope, ye who enter." Somehow, this does
not surprise you.  Stone gate is closed.

> z
Time passes...
With a rumbling groan of mammoth rock grinding against the massive cliff
walls, felt in the rattle of your bones more than heard, the gates swing open
wide.

> look

A field

A field
As far as you can see, the plain stretches before you. The light is flat, as
if at dusk on a cloudy day. The grass beneath your bare feet is brown and
dried, burnt out from the oppressive heat of this place. You see other
people, as naked as you are, walking aimlessly, as far as you can tell. The
cliffs are close, now, and they are at least a mile high, if not two. Carved
into the solid rock is an immense stone gate. You are close enough now to
easily make out the writing chisled into the granite of the gate. Through the
open gates, you can see an immense hall lit by torches, stretching off into
distant darkness.

> n
Calm for no good reason at all, you walk between the towering gates, and into
the hall behind them. The gates grind shut behind you.

Entrance Hall

Entrance Hall
Carved into the interior of the cliff, large stone columns are spaced along
the granite walls, which stretch up into darkness. The walls must curve into
a ceiling at some point, but if they do you can't see where. Torches are set
into the gray walls, providing meager, intermittent lighting, but it  is
enough for you to see down the length of the hall to it's far northern end,
where a large object you can't quite make out sits on the floor.

> n
You move north.

The Throne

The Throne
At the end of the hall sits a large stone throne, runes you do not recognize
carved into its surfaces. A man sits on the throne.

> x man
Long black hair slicked back into a ponytail, eyes like obsidian, slim but
muscular, he is wearing an elegant black wool suit and black cowboy boots.

> talk to man
     "Where am I?" you ask the man.
     He shakes his head, and says, "I think you know the answer to that,
Gabriel." His voice is deep and resonant. "You are a learned man. I would
have thought a Dante-style setting would be apropos for you."

> talk to man
     "Who are you?" you ask this strange man.
     "I think you know the answer to that one, too, Gabriel," he tells you,
the calm timbre of his voice allaying your apprehension somewhat. "My list of
names is long, but I have more recently been known as Satan, the Devil, and
Lucifer. You can call me 'Lou' for short, if it will make you feel better."

> talk to lou
     "But I'm not dead. What am I doing here?" you ask him.
     "Ah, now that is an interesting question," he says, his lips curling
into a smile, white canines showing. "Let's see: your body is not breathing,
your heart is not beating, your brain is not functioning. How do you define
dead? I assure you, you can't get much more dead than you are at this
moment."
     Shocked almost beyond words, you would think this man insane if not for
the fact that you are standing here, in a cave with no ceiling, and have no
recollection of how you came to be here.
     "But that can't be. I'm just in a state of suspended animation, not
dead. In a few days the field will be shut off, and I'll wake up." Wake up?
You get it now; this must be some strange dream you're having while being
suspended.
     Lou just laughs, and it occurs to you that dreaming is impossible with
all brain activity halted down to the atomic level.
     "Now we're getting to the crux of all this," he tells you. "For you most
certainly are as dead as a doornail, and your soul has fled your body. Four
days from now, though, you are going to wake up, fine and dandy, as good as
ever. That's something that hasn't happened in over two-thousand years, and I
must say, I'm quite looking forward to it."

> talk to lou
      "Don't you see?" Lou asks you. "In your shorter tests, your soul was
just hovering near you, like all souls do during a near-death experience,
waiting to see if their body has truly died. The disorientation you always
felt was from your soul returning to your body. This time, though, you stayed
in the field too long, and you ended up here.
     "And when the field is turned off, you'll leave here, breaking the
agreement I've had for the last two millennia with a certain deity to
restrain myself and all my minions to the confines of this place.
     "You see, Gabriel, people really do have free will, and that means they
are free to push the boundaries of the universe, whatever the result. You are
freeing me, Gabriel, freeing me and mine to walk the world once more. Sure,
the entire Host may stand against me, but my army is not insignificant, and
another war will be far more entertaining than even one more minute down
here."

> talk to lou
     "So what happens to me, now?" you ask him.
     "Contrary to popular belief, Gabriel," he replies. "I am not an
ungracious person. And I offer you a grateful choice: join me willingly, and
in life wealth, fame, glory, and power beyond imagining will be yours. And
when you die the next time, decades from now, you can stand by my side, a
prince of hell. Or resist me, and an eternity of pain and suffering will be
your destiny."
     If this is all for real, you're going to wake up in four days, alive and
whole with a second chance no other man has ever had. Justin is a black mark
on your record that would be hard to overcome, but you just may have a
newfound devoutness. Loosing Satan on the world probably won't improve your
case the next time you are judged, but it wasn't an intentional consequence
of your actions.
     "Don't worry, Gabriel," Lou says, before you can decide what to say.
"There's no decision to be made just now, because we've one slight
complication to deal with first. You are dead, have been judged and found
wanting, and must serve your sentence, at least for a few days. On the bright
side, that should be more than sufficient to convince you where not to spend
eternity."
     He smiles a last time, gracefully waves his hand, and your body is
lifted from the ground at terrific speed and flung up towards the ceiling.
You fly up out of the cavern and into a clear, sunny sky. Then you are
falling, down towards an immense pit of nine rings dug into the ground, and
you fall past the first, past the second, down to the seventh, towards a red
river. As you drop, the thought occurs to you that as long as you stay here,
Satan will not be set free....

(press any key)

Choose.

Today, now...

...your body is ripped into the air, faster than the centaurs can react. As
you fly rapidly out of the inferno of the pit and past the enormous gates and
the field of wandering souls, you pray your first prayer, calling out to God
to keep you from returning to Earth, to life, to your corporeal body, begging
Him to put you back in the river.
     And abruptly your flight from Hell halts. You are floating, somewhere
between Earth and Hell, between life and death. You can see nothing, feel
nothing, but there is a presence here, a feeling growing stronger by the
second in your chest, a feeling of awe and dread, a light in the fog around
you. A voice, loud and terrible and calm, speaks.
     "That prayer can be answered if you are sincere, Gabriel," the voice
tells you. "I will not break the agreement I have made. Everyone gets true
free will, even you. There is nothing special about you, Gabriel. You are
just a person, like any other. The decisions you have made have brought you
here, that is all, and I have done nothing to prevent it. Now you must make a
final, immutable decision. If you wish it, to the river you will return. My
law will be unbroken, and my first creation will remain where he is. Or, make
a different decision, he will be free, and all he promised you will be yours.
Choose. Now."
     You were praying for this, for four days in Hell had thought you wanted
it, but you never truly believed you would be given such a choice. Faced with
the reality of sacrificing yourself to an eternity of agony or being rewarded
now and forever, you are uncertain. Hesitatingly, you tell the voice you want
to go back to:

1. The river of blood;
2. The MagLab.

> 2

"I'm sorry, but I just can't go back in that river. Send me back to the
MagLab."

The sound of your sentences has not yet died out before your vision clears,
and you are hurling back down into the MagLab, ecstatic that you'll not be
bathing in the river of blood again. You see that Claudia and Mike are there,
and the video cameras are rolling. Your body is floating above the large
generator, motionless in the field.
   "Ready, Professor Baker?" Mike asks Claudia. You notice he is actually
wearing pants and a dress shirt, but you suppose a tie would have been too
much to expect. You float closer to your body, which Claudia is standing
close to. She is gazing up at your suspended form, her eager eyes glowing,
radiant with anticipation.
     "Yes, Mike. Do it. Turn off the field." Mike stabs a button on one of
the computers, the field is shut off, and your soul slams back into its body.

(press any key)

Life.

You open your eyes.

You are standing on the large field generator, back in the MagLab.
Unbelievably, the pain is gone, but the disorientation of being back in your
body is overwhelming, and you drop to your knees, vomiting. You pitch
forward, rolling off of the field generator and crashing to the floor, but
you barely notice. The room is sliding in and out of focus, sounds are coming
and going, and voices are blurring as you try to regain your senses and some
control over you mind and body, both of which are trying to shut down.
Convulsions quake through you. You think maybe Claudia has rushed to your
side; it sounds like she said "again" or maybe "not again."
     Slowly, finally, the swirling of the room slows, and you realize Claudia
is holding you, cradling your head in her lap. You've been trying to say
something, but at first you don't know if any words have come out. Claudia
has heard you through your retching, though.
     "Never go back? You are back," she says, holding you tighter with arms
that are meant to be comforting. "Honey, you are back."
     You sit up, wiping the vomit from your mouth with the back of your hand,
and chuckle. You shake her arm off of you, and stand and stretch, exulting in
the feel of your body, your living body.
     "Why, yes, yes I am." The chuckle becomes a laugh.
     "Gabe, what... are you all right?" Claudia asks.
     You only laugh more at her question and her confusion. Not bothering to
answer, though you feel stronger than you ever have in your life, you stride
from the MagLab, leaving a bewildered Claudia and Mike behind you. Calmly but
quickly, you walk out to your car. You expect Lou will be at your home when
you get there, waiting to to talk to you, waiting to reward you.

As you drive home, you can't help but wonder for the first time, if God would
allow you to make such a choice, setting Lou free on the world, could He have
been very worried about dealing with the consequences of your choice? Your
smile fades and you feel the beginnings of fear.

-- end --

(press any key)

You have completed "Unraveling God" by Todd Watson.

Thanks to my wife, Jill Watson, for serving as my editor and a playtester,
and for being patient with me during the development of this story. Also,
thanks to the friends I pressed into testing the game for me, Darin Barton,
Bob Finger, and Keri Libbe.

To start a new game, restore a saved game, or quit, click on the Adventure
menu option above.

> quit
Do you really want to quit? [Y/N]
