Loading game...

Urban Dragon
You pulled your car up to the curb and put it in park. You opened the glove
compartment and pulled out your gun. You were agent Devon Hudd, member of the
Libson City Police Department. Your car was parked on Willard Street, a place
were anything went and if you didn't carry a weapon, there's a good chance
you could be dead by the end of the day. But the area has been getting a lot
worse ever since Baxter Jones began to be spotted. Jones was a dealer, a big
time dealer, and was just released from the prison a few weeks ago. Back in
the pen, he was known as the Urban Dragon, a figure that could instill fear
in anyone and everyone. He was a figure of power, evil, and greed. No one
knew what he was up to, and that's where you come in. Your job was to find
some evidence and arrest him before anyone else turns up dead.

> take crowbar
You take the crowbar from underneath the seat and place it in your large coat
pocket.

> w
You move west.

Willard Street
This is the place where the scum of the city come to live. Guns are a daily
sight here and murders happen on a weekly basis. People in long trenchcoats
walk past you, heading to dark alleys and their large boots clanking against
the loose cement. Your car is parked beside you, a little bit to the East. A
small bar sits at the end of the street to the North, a few drunks are
leaning against its wall holding cigarettes. You can see a small street to
the South that leads to the warehouses and docks.

> open trunk
You lift open the trunk of your car and sort through the junk to find
anything useful. You finally pull out a flashlight from under all the
clutter.

> n
You move north.

Bar
The small bar reeks of dried ketchup and stale brew. Drunks swarm around the
counter  shouting at each other and spilling their drinks all over the
coutnertop. The bartender quickly fills up the mugs as the men raise their
wallets to buy the next round. Tables cover the entire room, but only a few
people sit at them quietly reading a newspaper or eating. There's a door to a
backroom but the words employees only have been hastily scratched into it.  A
tv that sits at the edge of the bartop seems to have most drunks absorbed in
the game on the tv. Pretzel crumbs cover their shirts.

> pull cord
You pull the cord on the tv which makes the TV turn into a black void. All
the drunks begin to shout as they demand to find out who wins the game.

> use crowbar on door
With the drunks busy yelling at the bartender to fix the tv, you quietly pry
open the door and slip inside the dank backroom.

> take bottle
You pull one of the bottles off the shelf and place it in your coat. The
bartender won't miss just one bottle.

> open window
You push open the window and can see a small ladder leading down to the
streets.

> d
You move down.

Alley
The small alley smells like wet fur and the stench is almost unbearable.
Garbage covers almost the entire cement ground and it all seems to have been
here for awhile, maggots have covered almost everything. You can see a man
sitting beside a large dumpster playing with his fingers. He says his name is
Gus and that he lives in this alley. You can see a street up to the North.
The ladder you climbed down was raised up by the barkeep who saw you climbing
down.  Gus is here.

> n
You move north.

Southside
You're at the Southside of the area. The smell of rotting fish is quite bad
here mainly because of the docks that are a little ways to the East. People
walks by you in a hurry all looking for their next quick fix or getting ready
to mug a lost tourist. A small streetlight stands beside a large warehouse to
the West, the building is old and seems to have been shot numerous times
because bulletholes cover almost the entire front side of it. A small alley
to the South seems is probaly used often for drug trades and silent killings.

> w
You move west.

Warehouse
The large warehouse echos as you walk into it's huge interior. You can hear
rats surrying across the floor as you make your way through the inside. Cold
air chills you as you walk past an open freezer. A strange man sits in the
corner of the warehouse, chanting strange words. The walls drip with dried
blood from any past murders that were commited here. This is definetely not a
safe place.

> use bottle on freezer
You place the bottle of beer in the freezer and leave it for a few minutes.
When you take it back, you find that it's now nice and cool.

> e
You move east.

Southside
You're at the Southside of the area. The smell of rotting fish is quite bad
here mainly because of the docks that are a little ways to the East. People
walks by you in a hurry all looking for their next quick fix or getting ready
to mug a lost tourist. A small streetlight stands beside a large warehouse to
the West, the building is old and seems to have been shot numerous times
because bulletholes cover almost the entire front side of it. A small alley
to the South seems is probaly used often for drug trades and silent killings.

> s
You move south.

Alley
The small alley smells like wet fur and the stench is almost unbearable.
Garbage covers almost the entire cement ground and it all seems to have been
here for awhile, maggots have covered almost everything. You can see a man
sitting beside a large dumpster playing with his fingers. He says his name is
Gus and that he lives in this alley. You can see a street up to the North.
The ladder you climbed down was raised up by the barkeep who saw you climbing
down.  Gus is here.

> give bottle to gus
Gus takes the bottle and quickly gulps it down. With a nod, he says he'll now
answer any questions you have.

> ask gus about baxter
"I shouldn't be doing this, but here. I'm actually a reporter for the Daily
Bulletin. I've been here a week already trying to get a story on Baxter
Jones. I did actually get something, a few minutes ago Jones came down here
with a guy named Jimmy. Jimmy pulls a knife on him, but is quickly shot in
the chest by Baxter. Jimmy's tossed in the dumpster and I just lay here
pretending I'm asleep. I was really taking pictures of the whole incident.
Here, you can have them. This'll prove that Mr.Jones really is up to no
good."

 With the photos, you call the department and get someone to send over a
warrant. You quicky read it over and it states that Baxter Jones owns a
private houseboat at the Docks.

> n
You move north.

Southside
You're at the Southside of the area. The smell of rotting fish is quite bad
here mainly because of the docks that are a little ways to the East. People
walks by you in a hurry all looking for their next quick fix or getting ready
to mug a lost tourist. A small streetlight stands beside a large warehouse to
the West, the building is old and seems to have been shot numerous times
because bulletholes cover almost the entire front side of it. A small alley
to the South seems is probaly used often for drug trades and silent killings.

> e
You move east.

Docks
The docks smell like rotting fish and it quickly makes you quite sick.
Fisherman sit on their boats taking a nap before heading off on their next
job. You can see the outline of the city far to the North where law is
actually enforced. A large houseboat floats a little to the North of the
dock, no one seems to be on it at the moment.

> n
You move north.

Deck
The deck of the houseboat is actually very clean. A few puddles of water
adorn some of floor, but it's basically spotless. A few chairs are lined up
against the rail but they're all vacant. The door to the interior of the boat
is to the North but it is locked tight. The sounds of the water calm down
your nerves as you sneak quietly across the deck.

> take batteries
You take the batteries and place them in your coat. No one'll miss them.

> use batteries on flashlight
You jam the batteries on the flashlight which gives it the power to turn on
and off.

> use crowbar on door
Since you have a warrant, you stick the crowbar in the door and pry open the
door quietly. You sneak inside the boat silently.

> use crowbar on ice
The chip away at the ice and are surprised when the huge block slips out and
lands on the floor. The trapdoor now sits accesible in the fridge.

> d
You move down.

Dark Room
You're in a very dark lit room which seems to sway as the boat moves in the
water   You can't really see anything because of the total darkness.

> turn on flashlight
You switch on the flashlight and the room lights up.

> search body
You search through the corpses's clothes and find a pack of bullets in his
back pocket.

> load gun
You place the bullets in the gun and load it up. Now you're truly ready to
take down the scum of the city.

> u
You move up.

Kitchen
The small kitchen in the houseboat is almost barren. The frudge is empty of
all foods, the cupboards are empty except for dust that covers their insides,
and the table in the middle of the room doesn't seem to be used very often. A
thin layer of dust covers its top. There's a door to the North that leads
into the living room.  A trapdoor can now be moved into to. You wonder why
Jones would close it off...

> n
You move north.

Living Room
The dark living room is quiet except for the sound of something moving behind
a door to the North. A large couch moves a little back and forth as the boat
sways in the water. There's an open window which lets in the sea air and
makes the room smell like salted crackers. You get a bad vibe from the room
and you decide you be wary.

> n
You open the door and enter the bedroom.  Baxter Jones stands in front of you
ready to shoot!

> shoot baxter
You draw your gun and quickly hit the trigger. Baxter is hit in the chest and
he falls back onto the bed. You quickly drop the gun and call the police with
the phone by the bed. The police come and you show them the secret stash
hidden in the bottom of the boat. The police congratulate you as you have
stopped one of the most ruthless druglords in the state.  Good job officer,
you've won the respect of the city and can now afford your own houseboat.
You scored 120 out of the maximum 130!
That is 92% of the game!
You finished 10 points short.

[Press any key to end]
