Loading game...

Vagabond

The trip to Starlight City was a fairly uneventful one. Most of the time was
spent either sleeping or thinking about the events of the past few days and
wondering just why you were told to come here to the planet's capitol. As the
shuttlecar arrives at its destination, you pay the driver and exit the
vehicle. You make your way to the designated cafe, take a seat, and order a
Tiriffian sandwich and a fizzleglug just as you were told to do. Eventually
your meal arrives and you slowly begin to eat, waiting for somebody to show
up and explain what in the world is going on. But nobody ever shows and as
you finish your food, a droid arrives and clears away your plate leaving your
bill on the table. You grudgingly grab the piece of paper and quickly realize
that it is not a bill, but actually a short note. You read it.

Get off the planet as soon as possible. It doesn't matter how or where you
go. I'll contact you again when it is safe.

[Press any key to begin]

Vagabond
A Short Interactive Sci-Fi Adventure
Copyright © 2004 by Scott Meridian

If you have trouble or get stuck type 'walkthru' for the solution.

Starport Cafe
The starport cafe isn't very fancy, but the aroma of food coming from the
kitchen smells delicious. Plants and flowers placed around the room and
hanging from the ceiling almost give the cafe the feel of a tranquil garden.
There are several tables and chairs scattered about the room, some of which
are occupied by patrons eating very strange and interesting things. The exit
back to the spaceport is West.

>

> west
(Getting off the chair first)
You move west.

Starport Lobby
Beings of all description bustle about this busy lobby creating a din that is
almost deafening. In the center of the lobby is rooted a monstrous service
desk, manned by a droid looking eager to sell you a ticket on the
Intergalactic Express. The lobby opens up into the massive starport concourse
to the North while flashing displays beckon you to the Starport Cafe to the
East. The exit into Starlight City is South.

> north
You move north.

Starport Concourse
This vast concourse is filled with a variety of beings dragging around all
manner of luggage in every possible direction. To the North, a ramp leads to
the Primary Landing Platform while the concourse becomes a lobby to the
South. Corriders branching off to the East and West lead to the Intergalactic
Express Platform and to the Docking Bays respectively.

> west
You move west.

Corridor to the Docking Bays
This corridor connects the Docking Bays to the West and the Concourse to the
East. A toolbox is here.

George is here.

> give credits to bum
You give all of your money to the bum and he says, "Alright here's the plan.
See that toolbox over there by the tech? It has a laser torch in it which
you'll need. I'll distract him while you get it. Then meet me over by the
Intergalactic Express Platform."

You nod and the bum gives a toothless grin. He wobbles over to the tech,
punches him in the kidney and then sprints off toward the concourse. It takes
a moment for the tech to recover and then he takes off yelling and cursing
after the bum.

> open toolbox
You open the toolbox.  A laser torch is inside the toolbox.

> get torch
You take the laser torch from the toolbox.

> east
You move east.

Starport Concourse
This vast concourse is filled with a variety of beings dragging around all
manner of luggage in every possible direction. To the North, a ramp leads to
the Primary Landing Platform while the concourse becomes a lobby to the
South. Corriders branching off to the East and West lead to the Intergalactic
Express Platform and to the Docking Bays respectively.

> east
You move east.

Intergalactic Express Platform
Benches and chairs line the walls here. Most are arranged in rows or around
small islands of plants. An entertainment vid is being shown on the display
screens around the room occupying the attention of the many people and beings
waiting for the Intergalactic Express to arrive. The corrider blooms into the
starport concourse to the West.

Out of nowhere, the bum grabs you and pulls you into a dark corner. "Okay
listen." he pants, out of breath. "I think I lost him in the crowd." he
points to a ventilation shaft in the wall. "This vent leads to a docking bay
which is occupied by a cargo freighter. The crew is off in the city right
now, so it shouldn't be too difficult to sneak aboard and hide in the cargo
hold." Just then, the technician bursts into the room and the bum says, "Uh
oh. Gotta go." and takes off running once again with the tech following close
behind.

> remove grate
You cut away the ventilation shaft's protective grating with the laser torch.

> enter vent

You crawl into the ventilation shaft and work your way along until you come
to the docking bay occupied by the cargo freighter. You carefully pull
yourself out of the vent and without being noticed, quickly sneak aboard the
ship. As you lie hidden in the cargo hold, you wonder to yourself where this
ship could be going and what adventures await you there...

The End
You scored 0 out of the maximum 1!
That is 0% of the game!
You finished 1 points short.
