Loading game...

The Vault
The year is this year, the time is now, the location is here. However
different our timelines have diverged in the past, this particular timeline
has gone askew and ended with the human race going on a suicidal rampage
against one another, eventually turning into a worldwide nuclear war.

You are one of the survivors of the war, however, you are not safe yet. Your
town was hit directly from an atomic bomb, and while you were a fair distance
from the epicenter of the blast, radiation has begun to cover the whole town.

Those who survived and were smart enough to research the upcoming war knew
that the vault in the bank was the only chance of surviving the eventual
radiation that would bear down on you. You have proceeded to the bank to find
they have already locked the vault.

Your life will soon be over if you do not find a way into the vault. There
may be some objects in the nearby area that will help you enter the Vault -
even forcefully. But beware, survivor: all actions have consequences.

The Vault (Entrance)
The entrance to the vault is basically a rectangular room, with the door to
the vault, tons of solid steel, on the wall.  Due to the lockdown situation,
the door is locked, the opening controls have been locked and the door can
only be opened from the inside.

> read bible
You take out the bible and start reading passages, desperate, your last hope.
And as if  the gods have answered you, the vault door begins to open.

The Vault (Inside)
The vault is filled with people, and as you examine them, they all have some
sort of supplies with them, and you feel guilty, bringing nothing that could
be useful to survive in a post-apocalyptic wasteland. One of the survivors
comes to you, and as if reading your thoughts, says, "Don't worry, friend,
you have convinced us of the goodness in the hearts of people."
The year is this year, the time is now, the location is here. You have found
the best, most non-violent way to ensure your survival; and so you shall be
rewarded, not today, but tomorrow, and the next day, and for the rest of your
life, as for every day now is a gift, and this gift was given...from the
twilight zone.
