Loading game...

...
The View Is Better Here
An adventure by Echo
Feedback and bug reports go to bobtherobot@hotmail.com

It's still dark outside. Marina wakes briefly when the alarm rings, but once
you silence it she rolls away and falls back asleep. The two of you had a
fight the night before, and you didn't sleep well. You're still a little
upset. Marina won't agree to move back in with you, into an apartment in the
city, not even if it means your two little girls can be with their daddy
again.

You want to show her that you're still frustrated with her, but you don't
have the heart to wake her up just to snipe at her. So instead, you remove
your wedding ring, the first time you've ever done so, and place it in a
teacup she left by the bed.

You have something very important to do today, and you wish she could
understand that. If she understood you, surely she would consent to move back
in with you, so you could all be a proper family once more.

Ruth's House - Bedroom
It is a small, simply furnished room, but Ruth was very generous to let
Marina and the girls stay here. Some of the furniture and trinkets are yours,
but for right now you're just a visitor - your clothes, toiletries, and other
day-to-day things are at the boarding house in Oak Cliff. There is, however,
one thing that you just retrieved from the garage: a parcel wrapped in brown
paper, which leans against the nightstand.

Marina is still asleep in the bed.

The window faces east. West is the bedroom door.

> take parcel
Taken.

> w
As you're getting ready to leave, you check your pockets. Usually when you
visit you leave Marina some money. This morning you pull $170 out of your
pocket. It's all you have, but that's alright. She will need it more than you
will. She can buy everything she needs for the girls. You put it on the
nightstand for her.

You leave the bedroom, shutting the door as quietly as you can. The front
door is a little squeaky, but that can't be helped right now. You do not
bother to lock the door on your way out.

The air is still cool, and though it will be t-shirt weather later, you're
glad you have your jacket now.

You walk down the block to Linnie Mae and Buell's house, kicking up leaves as
you go, as a child would. Buell is going to give you a ride to work, like
usual.

Outside Linnie Mae and Buell's house
It's a plain house, with a plain car nearby.  You see that Linnie Mae is
looking at you through the kitchen window for a moment. As she goes back to
her task at the sink, you walk up to the window, and just stand there and
wait until she looks up again. When she sees you, she jumps a little, and
puts a hand over her heart.

> talk to linnie
Linnie Mae obviosuly expected you to knock on the door, not walk right up to
the window. You mumble "Hello," but your voice is muffled through the glass.
Linnie Mae knows why you're here, though.

"Buell!" she calls. "Your friend's here. He's waiting for his ride."

Buell comes out, still looking a little sleepy. He says "Good morning,"
cordially but with no sincerity. You say nothing in response. He cuts across
the lawn to his car. "Ready to go?" he says.

> put parcel in back seat
You carefully place the parcel in the back seat of the car. Buell eyes it
curiously.

> get in car
You get in the passenger's seat. Buell starts the car and you drive off.

Press any key to continue.

You and Buell don't have much to say to each other. He got you the job at the
warehouse, but you hardly see him because he's in the office on the third
floor, and you hardly go to that floor.

Sometimes, Buell looks at you like he's suspicious of you. But this morning
he's just keeping his eyes on the road. "What's in the box?" he asks.

"Curtain rods," you tell him. Remember I was talking about getting some for
my room?"

"Right," he says flatly. Actually, you can't remember if it was Buell you
were talking to about the curtain rods. You told somebody about them.

It's getting lighter out. Moments ago, everything was a lovely shade of
blue-gray; now the sun is splashing ugly colors upon the world. The
oil-stained highway is streaked with white and yellow. The buildings are
dirty red-brick monoliths. You liked the world better before.

Buell turns off Houston Street, headed for the parking lot. You reach into
the back seat to take the parcel.

"What are you taking it into work for?" Buell asks as you both get out.
"Aren't I dropping you off tonight?"

"I'm going to take the bus," you say. You speed up your walk, to get ahead of
Buell, so that you don't have to talk to him anymore.

Press any key to continue.

The morning passes uneventfully. The building is nearly empty, at lunch, and
you know why --- obviously, on a day like today, people would want to be
outside, on the grass, if they could manage it. But you think they're being
foolish. The view will actually be better from in here, from the windows.

At lunch, you find yourself on your way up to the sixth floor. You've stopped
for a few minutes in the second floor snack room.

Warehouse - Snack room, second floor
A plain room with some wobbly tables and uncomfortable chairs. A refrigerator
and counter are on your left, as you walk in. There's a Coke machine, as
well.

The nearby stairs will take you up to your destination, the sixth floor.

> buy coke
You put a dime in the machine. A bottle of Coke rolls down into the tray.

> take coke
You take the bottle from the tray.

> drink coke
You drink the Coke. It's very refreshing.

> open fridge
You open the refrigerator.  Your lunch is inside the refrigerator.

> take lunch
You take the brown paper bag with your lunch in it.

> eat lunch
You sit at a table and eat lunch alone, as usual. Carol passes by the door
and sees you. She's very pregnant.

> u
You go upstairs.

Warehouse - Sixth Floor
It smells faintly of cooked chicken in here. Bonnie Ray probably just
finished eating his lunch up here, enjoying the view.

Cartons are stacked high; some stacks are taller than you are. Most of the
windows are blocked by these cartons, but there is one window with a clear
view of the plaza below.

> open window
You open the window. A breeze blows in, as warm as the air in the room. It's
shaking the leaves on the oak tree, just a bit.

> open parcel
You open the parcel. Inside are the disassembled parts of an Italian 6.5
millimeter bolt-action Mannlicher-Carcano rifle.

> assemble rifle
You were in the Marines. You could assemble the rifle with your eyes closed,
if you felt like it. But right now you're keeping one eye on what you're
doing, and one eye on what's going on in the street below.

The breeze is a little cooler now, and it makes you aware of the sweat
beading on your forehead.

A dark blue Lincoln appears, inching its way along Houston Street. Inside is
your target.

> look out window
You ease the barrel of the rifle onto the windowsill.

The sun glints off the car at various angles, creating a dazzling light show
that blinds you for a half-second at a time.

> z
Time passes...

The Lincoln slows down so it may turn onto Elm Street.

Now is the time.

> shoot kennedy
Pigeons scatter that you didn't know where there. You can't tell which shots
end up where --- You're not really looking too carefully through the scope.
It's not your job to look carefully through the scope. Perhaps you'll find
out later, where the shots went.

Your shots join the volleys echoing from the Records Building and the Grassy
Knoll. There's nothing to do now except get out of there. You stash the rifle
behind some cartons on the other side of the room as you flee.

YOUR TASK IS COMPLETED. YOU HAVE...WON?

[Press any key to end]
