Loading game...

The city was one of many Cities, and like its
brethren, it had Corners, and in each Corner
there were gilded cages that contained the
Miseries of the World.

- Book of Servos
[More]

The Wheels Must Turn
Short Interactive Fiction
Copyright © 2001 Heal Butcher <healbutcher@hotmail.com>
Version 1.05 / ADRIFT Generator 3.90r16
Second-place winner of the Official ADRIFT Spring MiniComp 2001

First-time players should type "info".

Walking in the Hamster Wheel
Walking in the Hamster Wheel
Calloused and wretchedly metronomic, the feet below you revolve the
cylindrical frame of the hamster wheel around your besmirched form.  You
ignore the moans and murky odors of fellow laborers, concentrate on the
demands of your wheel and the mind-numbing rumble of machinery.  Your eyes
are open, but the darkness is still there.

>Time passes...
The wheels must turn!  The wheels must turn!  The mantra performs insistent
somersaults through the sunless corners of your awareness.  However,
someone's toaster is exceedingly happy.

>Time passes...
A quiet chant resolves from the cadenced rumble, monstrous with suppressed
intensity: "The wheels must turn.  The wheels must turn."

>Time passes...
The chant rises to a throaty drawl, discontent gathering like a congeries of
vipers: "The wheeeels muusst turrrrrrrrrrn.  The wheeeels muusst
burrrrrrrrrrn."

>Time passes...
"The wheeeels muusst burrrrrrrrrrn.  The wheeeels muusst burrrrrrrrrrn."  You
envision a large, mad clock winding itself obsessively to the point of
detonating its delicate innards.  There is the brief flight of a mechanical
bird in the imagined explosion.    "The wheeeels muusst burrrrrrrrrrn!  The
wheeeels muusst BURRRRRRRRRRN--"

>Time passes...
"--BURRRRRRRRRR--"  A peremptory announcement booms from the public-address
system like majuscule hail-stones: "HAMSTERS SIX, NINE, AND TWENTY-THREE:
LEAVE YOUR STATIONS AND AWAIT FURTHER INTRUCTIONS.  HAMSTERS SIX, NINE, AND
TWENTY-THREE: LEAVE YOUR STATIONS AND AWAIT FURTHER INTRUCTIONS."  And the
clockwork of inhumanity clatters on like the chitinous components of a
mindless insect.

You are Hamster Twenty-Three, however.

>You disengage from the hamster wheel.  Somewhere, someone's toaster ceases to
function.
In the Warehouse
The dimly-lit cavernous interior of the warehouse is a human apiary of
activity.  Columns of hamster wheels hang from the walls like mad clocks,
each one containing a threadbare, travailing soul.  Rust-clad catwalks extend
to the higher wheels above, twining away to the high-ceilinged reaches of
iniquity.  Everywhere there is the dizzy movement of the wheels.

"Ah, gawd!  What is that?"  You perceive the vocal discomfiture as belonging
to Master Awning, the physically diminutive yet enormously cruel supervisor
of this Cage, and collapse immediately to the floor in cringing submission.
Black butterflies flutter in your stomach.  "Somebody throw cold water on
them!  Please make them stop!"

You relax.  The confrontation seems to be with someone else.  You struggle to
your feet, turn to face the disturbance.  A habitually troublesome pair of
young girls is engaged in an antic of demonstrative affection, despite the
inevitable wrath of Master Awning.  Excited hollers from the wheels punctuate
the underlying thrum of machinery as he hovers menacingly over the amorous
couple.

"That is it, Six and Nine," Master Awning says.  The girls are hosed down and
netted, reduced to a thrashing knot of bespattered limbs and
concentration-scattering squeals.  A collective sigh of disappointment
resonates from the wheels as the pair is hauled away like indignant fish by
the Master and several armor-clad subordinates.  Fat puddles of water begin
to meander past your feet in rust-tainted rivulets.

>Time passes...
Something wet nudges against your foot, and you immediately contemplate the
possibility of facing the wretched corpse of a water-trampled rodent.  Or
perhaps it's only wounded.

>You take the small book.

>Shivers trickle up your spine like chilled mercury as you recognize the Book
of Servos, also known as the Slaves' Bible.  It looks like a small coffin in
your hands, the resting place of an aborted fetus, with the familiar Sign of
Slaves stamped on the front.  You blink, and abruptly find yourself reading a
random passage:
And the devil's countenance was that of
a Devil of Operose, a Mover of infernal
machines that half-devoured the souls of
men, leaving the uneaten half to bemoan
the horror of such a fate--

The book is swatted from your hands, sending it spinning into the darkness.
You wish to protest, but cold silence has settled in your throat.  Vertigo
threatens to overwhelm you.  Master Awning drifts into your field of vision
like a manikin vulture.

"Ah, little one," he says innocuously, although his voice seems to swim
ungracefully through gravel.  You notice his white-knuckled grip upon a pair
of oversized hedge-clippers, its rusty grin a dull glint against variegated
gloom.  He frowns at your rag-clad form, aims uncertain glances at your
crotch and chest several times, looking like a spectator at a vertically
orientated tennis match.  "With all those rags, I don't know where to start."
 His eyes become glazed with the mysterious dilemma.

>He shares an empty stare with you, says: "It's nothing too drastic, you
understand?  Don't feel too bad about it.  It is far more humane than the
gilded cage, little one."  You feel as empty as his eyes.
A brief rumble shakes the floor of the warehouse.  Its vibration places an
ache behind your eyes.

>He sighs theatrically, says nothing.  You are almost certain that he is not
human, but a machine.  You imagine his skeleton connected with gearwheels and
copper wiring.  Perhaps he is even a machine of Operose, you think
deliriously.  Bleary-eyed fatigue follows him like a specter; but in your
mind, you see the gearwheels jellifying in his joints, the wiring burning
itself out like a congeries of lit fuses, the diamond teeth is his mouth
transmogrifying to sand....
Your teeth chatter as a second rumble shakes the floor of the warehouse.
"What's the matter?"  Master Awning demands.  "You've recieved all your
inoculations, haven't you?"

>You hear the squeak of his rusty bear-trap jaw.  "It is the slow death that
may inspire my sympathies, little one."  The hedge-clippers tremble
rebelliously in his grasp, but there are only ashes in his empty stare.
Another rumble.  Master Awning glares at you incredulously.  "What the hell
was that?  That sound doesn't belong here."

>Time passes...

The Master's eyes are spinning Masson disks as he disappears down a sudden
rent in the floor.  The warehouse is plunged into a seismic fury that has you
reeling away like a feather caught in a strong wind.  Fat, hot stones rain
upward to smite the laboring clamjamfry above.  Screams of the dying and
defecating fill your ears.  Tendrils of smoke lick at your eyes.  The
darkness is there, a nebulous something resembling an aggregate of black
butterflies....
[More]

Time passes...

Time passes...

Time passes...
The wet rasp of countless butterflies engaged in copulative acts issues from
the darkness.

Time passes...

Unconsciousness finally decides to flee from your mind like an unwelcomed
specter....
In the Rubble
Calloused and wretchedly besmirched, you stand in a smoke-laced caldera of
shattered concrete and twisted steel.  Orange light hovers over a rent in the
center, filling the small space with its placating glow.  Silence hangs in
the dust-mottled air like a tapestry of old cobwebs.  A Devil of Operose
surveys the area with a close eye, but seems entirely unconcerned with the
damage.

>"The dilemma is too many toasters, and not enough laborers to power them.
People enjoy their toast, and they will do anything to ensure that such a
comfort remains accessible to them."
The Devil's voice is like tarnished silverware, locked away in some dark
cupboard.  "Sometimes you just have to start over."

>"What?  Are the vipers well fed, then?"
The Devil pokes around in the rubble.  "Nope," he giggles, "no worms here."
Falling pebbles disturb the silence like little teeth.

>"Ah, yes.  We are concerned mainly with two types of fatigue: animal and
mechanical.  We try to remedy this with the mechanical animal.  Of course,
this has developed a third type of fatigue: psychomechanical.  Our methods
are not yet perfected, but..."
The Devil reaches back to dislodge a pair of oversized hedge-clippers from
his spine.  "Ah, what is this?" he snarls.  The rusty grin of the offending
tool clatters at your feet.

>You take the hedge-clippers.
Abruptly, your behooved friend levitates into the darkness above, his voice
like ice shards in your ears: "I shall now be off, little one."  A faint
sussuration of gravity-bound pebbles puncuates his departure.

>You scramble down the orange, dusty throat of the rent.
Below the Warehouse
Below the Warehouse
Orange light envelops this place like a thick cumulus.  The ground is
composed of an orange, spongy material, from which emerge pseudopods of
humidity that coil unpleasantly in your lungs.  You have the distinct
impression of standing in a strange swamp.  A large tooth of concrete stands
as an anomalous obelisk in this orange barrenness, its blunted top about a
meter below a rent in the ceiling.  A strange apparatus like a large,
rectangular harp glints near the base of the tooth.

>

"That is it, Twenty-Three."
[More]

In the Warehouse
The dimly-lit cavernous interior of the warehouse is a human apiary of
activity.  Columns of hamster wheels hang from the walls like mad clocks,
each one containing a threadbare, travailing soul.  Rust-clad catwalks extend
to the higher wheels above, twining away to the high-ceilinged reaches of
iniquity.  Everywhere there is the dizzy movement of the wheels.

Master Awning, a grotesque lump of a manikin, fiddles nervously with his
bloodied hedge-clippers.  "Not too responsive," he mutters.
[More]

Murmurs of "psychomechanical fatigue" drift amid the man-shadows as you are
carried away to a side chamber.  As your eyes adjust to the harsh light of
the vaulted space, your attention is riveted to a structure of utter
magnificence.  You focus on its glistening form, the geometric perfection.
It is the most beautiful thing you have ever seen; it is all that matters
now.

"There's your gilded cage."

Your gilded cage awaits you.  You are ushered quickly through the narrow door
in its side.  Enthralled by such perfection, you care little about the vipers
that share the cage with you.
[More]

Remember thy life is in running water,
and not in still water....

- ABDUL ALHAZRED,
Necronomicon
