Loading game...

Whitterscap's Key

Welcome to Whitterscap's Key!
(Or, How to Fix Your Keyboard & Score Big Using Nothing But Magic from Just
One Time Period.)

I was written by Duncan Bowsman for The Challenge.  As per the competition
constraints, I have:

8 rooms
3 NPCs
5 objects necessary to win
2 endings
3 ways to die
1 secret passage
One of the following settings: 100 years in the past or future or in the
present

For help on how to play, type HELP and press enter.  To start the game, type
START and press enter.

> start
We begin!  But, first, this message.

Special thanks as always go to Campbell Wild (for creating ADRIFT), to Finn
Rosenloev (for organizing The Challenge), and to you (for playing)!

This piece acknowledges the arbitrary nature of its compilation's rule
constraints.  It intends to respond with a game just as arbitrary.  What
follows is as much a game of silliness and the problems of an non-functioning
keyboard as it is one of incoherence, misdirection, false ceilings, and the
puzzle of full completion.

My apologies to those not using the ADRIFT Runner, who can still get both
endings and the highest score, but cannot see how scores change the two
endings.

To begin, type CHARLES to enter the Secret Passage!

> charles

Secret Passage!
Charles is here.  You can ask him about buttons if you type "ask charles
about buttons."

> ask charles about buttons
"I need a button," says Charles.  "A big, shiny button.  Find one for me,
then give it to me."

He thinks for a second.  "Oh, if you don't have a button, you should type
WHOOPS."

> whoops
Okay, Charles sends you back to where you started, then.  Make sure you take
the button this time.

Welcome Screen.
Did you know you could go south from here?  Oh, and I forgot to mention.
Indeed, there is a button here.

> take button
You take the shiny button.

> charles

Secret Passage!
Charles is here.  You can ask him about buttons if you type "ask charles
about buttons."

> give button to charles
You offer Charles the shiny button.  He grabs it from you with completely
rapt attention.  He cannot take his eyes off it.

"You are part of the game now," Charles says, but ostensibly to you 'cuz,
y'know, buttons don't understand human speech.  "The next part is where you
can learn magic.  Magic is what lets you win!"

Before you can ask anything more, a mysterious force whisks you whirlingly
from the Secret Passage. Perhaps it's okay you couldn't ask anymore
questions, though.  There wasn't anything else in the Secret Passage and,
let's face it, Charles will only tell you about buttons, anyway.

The mysterious force blurs and reconfigures your surroundings.  You find that
you are elsewhere.

Type look to see where you are now.

> look
So you don't have that button anymore.
Okay.  You might want to make sure you do have a shiny button before you type
blezwif, or else you'll die.  You could go south.  Brelgan is here.  She
knows magic.  She'll tell you what you can ask her about if you ask her about
topics.

Oh, right the room.  Uh... you're in a... forest, I guess.

> south
You move south.

There are some runes here.
You could go north.  Don't go east.

Also here is a rune decoder.

> take decoder
You take the rune decoder.

> north
You move north.

Forest.
So, yeah, you're in a forest.  Brelgan is here.  She knows magic.  She'll
tell you what you can ask her about if you ask her about topics.  You might
want to make sure you do have a shiny button before you type blezwif, or else
you'll die.  You could go south.

> give decoder to brelgan
Now Brelgan has the rune decoder.  She goes south and studies the runes with
it for a few months.  Maybe now she can give you a choice of spells!

> south
You move south.

There are some runes here.
You could go north.  Don't go east.

A choice of spells!
Brelgan has successfully decoded the runes!

You can choose one of them, but you must do so blindly.  Then you will learn
what it does.

1) Alarfo
2) Zenes
3) Don't choose this or you'll die, whoa!  Ha ha.

> 2
Your choice opens a magical vortex that transports you to yet another room
somehow, for some reason!  It also gives you magical powers that you can use
when you type ZENES.

Zenes
Use this spell to steal the key to victory!  The spell only works if you can
see the key.

Go west to get back to the room you started in.

> west
You move west.

This is the room you started in.
To get from this room to the next one, you need to go south.  Did you know
you could also go back to where Brelgan was if you cast zenes here?  And if
you cast zenes in the Secret Passage when Whitterscap isn't there, you'll end
up back here?  Did you?  Well, I don't know how you did, but it's all a lie.
You need to wait for Whitterscap in the Secret Passage, first.

> charles

Secret Passage!
Charles is here.  You can ask him about buttons if you type "ask charles
about buttons."
Charles looks blankly at your rune for a second.

> wait
Time passes...

Another uninteresting person stumbles into the secret passage.

"What-o, Charles?" asks the other man.

Charles points at you.  "The rune-bearer and button-giver is here.  No doubt
seeking the key to victory."

"Ah," says Whitterscap.  "Well, if this mage casts ZENES, I'll keep my word."

They both nod at each other, satisfied that something has been done.

> wait
Time passes...

> zenes
You cast zenes and Whitterscap hands over the key to victory.

"Good luck figuring out how to use this thing," says Whitterscap.

Forest.
So, yeah, you're in a forest.  You might want to make sure you do have a
shiny button before you type blezwif, or else you'll die.  You could go
south.  Or, y'know, you could figure out how to use the key to victory
somehow.  Like, maybe you have to type use key or something?  I dunno.

> q
Hey, I'm so glad to see you got the Q button back on your keyboard.  That's
awesome.  Oh, now I can tell you how to get the second of the two possible
endings.  See, you're supposed to... uh... well, you need to type QUIT.
There might be some other ways to get a higher score, but you've done a lot
of good and clever things already.  So it's okay to quit now.

Unless you still want to just wander around and stuff or go for the highest
score.  That's cool, too.  I'm sure you'll find it.

> quit
You win with the best score and stuff, yeah!

You scored 2 out of the maximum 2!
Well, that's 100% of the score!
That's ending 2 of 2.  But did you know you could get this ending and have an
even higher score if you tried to quilt?
