Loading game...

The White Singularity
        You are Christian Esguerra, PhD, one of the most celebrated
naturalists and scientists on earth.  There is almost nothing you haven't
done and nowhere you haven't been.  You have gone rafting on the Amazon and
treasure hunting in the catacombs of Egypt.  You've discovered a new
elementary particle while playing around with your local accelerator.  You've
even space-walked a little, in orbit around Earth.  The only place you
haven't been, you think ruefully, is the center of the Earth.  It was just a
childhood fantasy.

        Until now.

> talk to irene
        You greet your wife by grabbing her and giving her a firm kiss on the
lips.  She laughs and kisses you back, wrapping you in her trademark bearhug
that almost crushes your ribs.  You pick her up, but almost immediately, she
wriggles so much that you put her down.
        "What would you do,"  she says breathlessly, "if I told you that
you're finally going to get your wish?"
        "What do you mean?"  you ask, smiling in amusement at her enthusiasm.
        "I mean," she says dramatically, "You're finally going to be able to
travel to the center of the earth!"
        "That's impossible, baby,"  you say, trying not to scoff.  "I know
I've been saying that for years, but it was always just an impossible dream."
        "That's my point!"  She butts her head against your cheek
impatiently, and you indulgently put an arm around her waist.  "It's not just
an impossible dream anymore.  It can actually come true!"
        "It's just not possible,"  you say patiently, trying to lead her to
your chair so you can sit her down.  She's filled with so much energy that
you can almost see it boiling off her.  "If you're talking about that
whatchamacallit movie about going to the earth's core, I told you before that
it's complete crap.  They played around with the laws of physics so much that
I'm surprised nature itself didn't erupt in outrage."
        "No, this has nothing to do with that movie,"  Irene says,
inadvertently shaking your hand off when she hops onto your desk and sits
there, swinging her legs like a small child.   "That Unobtainium thing is
physically impossible and everyone knows it.  No, we've totally circumvented
that.  And we discovered it--"  her eyes gleam proudly--"because of you."
        "Me?"  You repeat blankly.
        "Yes, you.  You found the way five years ago without even realizing
it.  It was only when we were playing around with your theorem in the
simulator two months ago that we formed it."
        "Formed what?"
        "The forcefield,"  your wife says, relishing the word.

Your office
        You stare at her in complete and utter shock.

        You start to say, "But I thought they debunked the possibility of a
working forcefield years ago--"

        "Well, it's not exactly a forcefield in the exact sense of the word,"
 Irene corrects herself hastily.  "But something almost as good.  In fact..."
 she pokes you on the chest.  "It's even better than a forcefield.  And you
made it possible!"

        "You keep saying that,"  you interrupt her, now completely confused.
"Back up a little.  What theorem are you talking about?"

        "The one where you took Einstein's theory of General Relativity and
used it to create a singularity,"  Irene says airily.

        You think back.  It takes you about a microsecond.  The equation is
familiar to everyone:  E=mc2, or Energy equals mass times the speed of light.
 Using the equation, you merely reasoned out the equation to calculate the
amount of plutonium you needed to detonate safely within a fixed and
extremely powerful electromagnetic field.  The energy produced by the
plutonium, since it was confined within the electromagnetic field, would
result in an implosion, not an explosion, which would squeeze the remaining
mass into an incredibly small space.

        You recall the weeks it took your Cray supercomputers to perform the
equations.  The amount had to be exact within 10 decimal places.  Just a tiny
bit less of plutonium and the process would create nothing more than a
powerful, extremely expensive, and superbly useless implosion.  Just a tiny
bit more than the field could handle, and your lab--plus an eight-mile
radius--would be reduced instantly to radioactive ash.

        You agonized for months over your decision to transform your theorem
into reality.   The ethics committee and the doublecheck committee didn't
rush over the decision either.  But try as they could, even by making the
most junior scientists recalculate your equations by hand, they could not
find fault with your results.

        Fortunately, when you finally performed the experiment--with the
surrounding area evacuated under an imaginary bomb threat, and a skeleton
crew operating the building--it became an unqualified success.  For exactly
six minutes, forty two seconds, and nineteen microseconds, you brought into
existence something that had previously been observed only from radio
telescopes:  a miniature singularity.  Or a small black hole in layman's
terms, although the two are not quite the same thing.   What they possess in
common is an incredible gravitational field, which is capable of sucking
anything from a certain distance, even light.

        The whole scientific community rejoiced with you at the
accomplishment, although you could not find a practical use for it at the
time.    After a few months of television appearances, awardings, press
conferences, and endless speculations about future modalities, your interest
in the project started to fade.  It seemed that nothing would ever come out
of it.

        Finally, even when everyone else still seemed intent on developing
another superweapon or energy source out of your creation, you shelved the
project and turned your attention to other things.  As far as you knew, your
wife had lost interest in it the same time that you did.

        Now, it seems that you were wrong.

        "Baby," you say rather uneasily, "what exactly did you do?"

        "Me?  You give me far too much credit!"  Irene laughs easily.  "I
didn't do it.  NESCA did.  And since you invented NESCA, it's as if you
thought of it yourself."

        NESCA is your neuron-enhanced supercomputer array, one of the first
of its kind.  She has biological components extracted from your own nerve
cells, and is even constructed like an organism's neural net.  Thus, NESCA is
capable of fuzzy logic, or intuition, and of learning.  She is almost
frighteningly smart, and certainly self-aware.

        "NESCA?"  You echo.  You don't know if you're supposed to feel
reassured or even more alarmed.  "What did she do?"

        "Well, you know, she'd been hinting of a new discovery for ages, but
I wasn't really listening to her,"  Irene says a bit uncomfortably.  You grin
secretly at this admission.  When you made NESCA, it was rather unwieldly
talking to her by installing microphones and speakers everywhere, so instead,
you ordered the construction of a mobile unit that could follow you around.
Predictably, your excessively hormonal junior scientists created a unit in
the form of a realistic-looking woman with long black hair and green eyes.

        A rather attractive,  well-endowed woman.  You sometimes wonder if
NESCA has ever been propositioned by anyone who wasn't aware that she was a
computer yet.   Each time, you quickly decided that you didn't really want to
know.

        Since the mobile NESCA has been activated, and has taken to following
your every move, you've gotten the distinct feeling that your wife has become
a little insecure.  You sometimes rib her about it, but of course, she's
never admitted to such a thing.  Of course, it is a little silly, being
jealous of a computer.  But you sometimes look from NESCA's perfectly crafted
limbs to the googly-eyed expressions of your scientists, and wonder exactly
how silly it is.

        "Anyway,"  Irene continues, "she'd been playing around with your
theorem for months, ever since you left for Arizona.  And she thought about
recreating your experiment, except..." she pauses dramatically.

        "Except?"  you repeat.

        "Except instead of using plutonium, she suggested using a tiny bit of
antimatter," your wife continues in a hushed voice.

        Antimatter.  The antithesis of ordinary matter.  If you crushed an
amount of ordinary matter into an infinitely small space, you would get a
singularity.  If you crushed an amount of antimatter the same way--

        You stop cold, your mind roiling as you strive to grasp the
consequences of doing such a dangerous thing.  "That's...that's insane!"  you
gasp out after a few seconds, still furiously doing calculations in your
head.

        "My God, if the field didn't hold--"

        "That's not the point,"  your wife interrupts impatiently.  "Come on
lightning-brain, tell me the implications.  I know you don't need NESCA to do
it for you."

        While a tiny part of your mind wonders where lightning-brain came
from, the rest of it seems to be frozen in shock.  "Instead of the usual
singularity, you would create a sort of--a sort of reverse singularity,"  you
murmur in a hushed voice.  "The exact opposite of a black hole.  Instead of
sucking objects in--"

        "It would push them away,"  your wife continues in satisfaction.
"Create a tiny reverse singularity, channel its antigravity field to surround
a specially built craft, and wallah!  Instant Terra-ship!  Better than
Unobtainium, don't you think?"

        You shake your head, almost overwhelmed.  "The implications--the
implications of this are incredible!"  you burst out.  "We could go almost
anywhere without needing to build ships with necessarily durable and
expensive materials.  We would just need a power source to feed the
singularity--a portable nuclear reactor maybe--and some way to channel the
antigravity...hmm...maybe that same magnetic field magnified a few dozen
times would do it..."

        Your eyes become slightly glassy as you mull over these problems.
Then reality returns to bite you in the behind.

        "Baby, this is all very sweet,"  you say gently, trying to mask your
disappointment, "but we don't really have the funding to explore all of this.
 I don't think I can explain to the committee the necessity--"

        Irene stops you with a finger to your lips.  "What would you say,"
she says, smiling mischievously, "If I instructed NESCA to go before the
committee six weeks ago?"

Eight months later....

> 2
        "Onwards to the Core of the Earth!"  you yell enthusiastically.
        Irene produces a genuine-looking smile and kisses you on the cheek.
"Anything to make you happy, darling."
        She puts an arm around your waist as you release the champagne
bottle.  You watch it fall, almost in slow motion, before it smashes
satisfyingly against the ship's hull.  The technicians scurrying around look
up in startlement as you and Irene burst out into whoops and laughter.  They
must think you've gone crazy.  But then, you think giddily, this entire
venture is crazy.  You're touched when a few of them clap politely anyway.
You even hear someone whistle.
        "To the White Singularity!" you and your wife cry out simultaneously.
 You hug her and think, I'm finally going to fulfill my childhood dream.
        But something deep, deep inside you asks whether or not you're making
a terrible mistake.

Two weeks later...

> down
You move down.

The Mantle
        Extending to a depth of 907 miles, the mantle consists of very dense
rock. Although temperatures increase with depth, the melting point of the
rock is not reached because the melting temperature is raised by the great
confining pressure.

        But this solid rock does not slow you down at all.  With the
forcefields pointed like an arrowhead, you plummet straight down at
incredible speeds.

        Eight hours pass, trickling by like molasses.

        You glance out the diamond porthole.  Of course, there's nothing to
see.  The forcefield surrounding your ship repels everything, including
light.    You look at the three-dimensional diagram on the monitors.  It
shows variations in the density of the mantle, extrapolated into an image of
red-hot rock rushing by at a hundred miles per hour.  You wonder if it really
looks like that.

        NESCA is sitting at the controls as always, indefatigably navigating
the White Singularity through the least dense rock.

        You glance at her and sigh, wondering if you made the wrong decision
about being sedated.   With her here, there's really nothing for you to
except kill time and look at the information being gathered by the White
Singularity as it speeds through the layers of the Core.  The amount of data
streaming through the sensors screens in front of you is immense, but you
speed-read so fast anyway that it doesn't take you long.  Besides, you
haven't seen anything yet that's unexpected.

        You're about to stand up, intending to get a book that Irene made you
take along, when NESCA suddenly speaks.

        "Sir,"  she says, then very uncharacteristically pauses as if not
sure of what she's about to say next.

        You sit back down and stare at her curiously.  You don't even
remember if you ever programmed her to act so human.  Maybe it's the result
of all her organic components.

        "I have been...thinking.  Judging from your actions and that of the
other scientists back at the institution, I am aware that you value me.
However..."

        She hesitates again, then looks you straight in the eye with her
disconcertingly piercing gaze.

        "I would like to clarify just how you value me.  As a...colleague, an
equal, even as a...friend?  Or as a reference, a sophisticated device,
a...tool?  Please be honest, sir.  Just as a matter of interest."

        You look at her contemplatively, thinking of all those horror stories
about too-intelligent Artificial Intelligences that finally became sentient.
Actually, NESCA has always been sentient.  But she's never said anything like
this before.

        The problem is, both answers apply.  You consider NESCA an extremely
sophisticated tool--after all, you built her yourself--but she talks and acts
in so human a manner that you often forget that she isn't.

        Of course, NESCA won't accept that answer.  You'll have to choose.

        Will you say, a friend?

        Or will you say, a tool?

> a friend
        "Well, as a friend, of course,"  you say warmly.

        NESCA looks back down at her bank of controls.  "Do you really mean
that, sir?"

        "Of course I do!"  you say indignantly.  "I wouldn't lie to you."
Then suddenly, you start to laugh.  "Just don't tell my wife I said that,
though.  She's already more jealous of you than she ought to be."

        A ghost of a smile crosses NESCA's face; another gesture that you
didn't program in her.  "Of course not, sir. I wasn't thinking of being
friendly to that extent."

        You laugh too.  "Of course not."

        Suddenly, a siren start to wail.

        "What's going on?"  you ask, alarmed.

        "We've arrived at the interface to the Earth's core,"  NESCA answers,
her fingers blurring as the dance over the controls.  "But something's
wrong."

        "What's wrong?"

        "This."  A final tap, and something flashes on the sensor screens.
You gape at them, disbelieving.

        A completely black spot pulses ominously on the screen, at the exact
center of a circle that represents the inner core.

        "That's impossible,"  you breathe.

        "The sensors are working perfectly sir, according to the
diagnostics,"  NESCA comments.  She looks at you.  "Should we stop, sir?"

        "Yes!  Yes, by all means, stop!"  You feel the ship shuddering to a
halt.  You get up and move closer to the screen, feeling a thrill of horror
run through your body.  The sensors create the picture by extrapolating
changes in density.   The pulsing object in the screen is pitch black.

        "Sir, the only phenomenon that could create such a picture is--"

        "--a black hole,"  you finish breathlessly.  "But what in hell is a
black hole doing at the center of the Earth?"

        NESCA is silent for a moment.  "It had to have started from a certain
size, or else it should have evaporated by now by giving off Hawking
radiation.  Thus, extrapolating forward from that size, we can infer that it
hasn't been there for very long."

        "Yes, not very long."  You calculate feverishly in your head.  "Only
about two years."  Your face assumes a ghastly color as you realize
something.  "Omigod.  Get Irene on the communicator."

        "Sir, what--?"

        "Now!"

        NESCA moves into action immediately.  "Ready sir."

"Irene?"  you say breathlessly.

        "Hon?"  Your wife's voice is sleepy and a bit disoriented.  "Is
anything wrong?  It's two in the morning--"

        "We have a rather huge problem,"  you interrupt.  "There's a
miniature black hole at the center of the Earth."

        Silence.  Then, a drowsy, appreciative laugh.

        "That's a good one.  Not content with finding titanic diamonds or a
giant geode, you've tried for a bigger anomaly instead."

        "I'm not kidding!"  you yell.  "There's a singularity at the middle
of the Earth!"

        "Oh.  Oh my."  A deep breath.  You can imagine her waking up as
completely as if she's been sprayed with cold water.  "That's...that's
catastrophic.      Well...could it be stable?  Maybe it's been there for
millennia--"

        "It hasn't, Dr. Esguerra,"  NESCA cuts in.  "From our calculations,
it's only been there for about two years."

        "Two years..."  Irene falls silent.  "Hang on.  Wasn't that when
you--?"

        "Experimented on making my own miniature singularity, yes,"  you
finish miserably.  "After which, we cut off the power to the nuclear reactor,
theorizing that the singularity was too small to survive on its own without
continuous feeding with radioactive matter."

        "Wasn't it supposed to evaporate in a few days?"

        "It was supposed to,"  you say, fighting the urge to hit yourself
over the head with something.  "Certainly we never saw it again.  But what
if, after cutting off the magnetic fields, it actually fell through the earth
all the way to the core and has stayed there since, increasing in mass?"

        A miniature singularity is actually hard to sustain.  You actually
have to force-feed it concentrated matter in order so it won't evaporate too
quickly.  But in the incredible density and pressures of the core, akin to a
buffet for a singularity, the question isn't how long it can survive.  It's
how long the Earth has before the singularity grows to tremendous size and
engulfs the whole planet completely.

        Irene doesn't respond.  It was a rhetorical question anyway.

        "How long?"  she whispers.

        For the first time, you wish you weren't a human lightning
calculator.  "About a year,"  you say, hating the thought.  "Maybe less."

        "We can't let this happen!"  Irene shouts desperately, hurting your
ear.  "We have to do something!  We can't just let everybody die!"

        "You mean I have to do something,"  you correct her grimly.  You mean
it.  You've never felt more awful about anything in your life.  Suddenly, all
your accomplishments seem to recede into nothingness in the shadow of this
ghastly event.  "This is my mistake.  My fault.  If anybody has to be
sacrificed because of this, it's me."

        "You can't just throw your life away like that,"  your wife pleads,
her voice dropping.  "Think of a way to solve this, but if you can find a way
that doesn't involve me losing my husband, then take it!"

        "I'll make that decision,"  you tell her gently.  "I love you.  Out."

        "Wait!"  Irene shouts, but her voice cuts off as you turn the
communicators  off.

        You close your eyes for a moment, then look at NESCA with a
pseudo-cheerful grin.  "So...any ideas?"
        "Actually, sir, I do."  NESCA taps repeatedly on the keys.  ""We
could release the reverse singularity itself straight into the black hole so
that would annihilate each other."

        You nod.  But if you did that--as NESCA very well knows--you'd also
lose your forcefields, your only protection against the crushing pressures
and searing heat outside.

        You sigh.  "Won't that destroy the ship too?"

        "Yes, sir.  But one of us could escape through the pod."

        "And what about the other?"

        "The other would have to remain behind to pilot the ship,"  NESCA
says firmly.

        You shake your head and try to think of something else.  The diagram
of the White Singularity with its flowing forcefields on the monitor catches
your eye and triggers an idea.

        "Or,"  you say with beginning excitement,  "we could extend the
antigravity forcefield around the black hole itself so that no matter would
be able to get in.  That way, the black hole would be starved.  It should
then evaporate as it was supposed to."

        NESCA looks at you.  "But won't that take days--maybe even weeks,
sir?"

        "Yes, it probably would,"  you say, frowning and rather deflated.
"It would weaken our own forcefield, too.  But I can't think of anything else
at the moment."

        You have to make a decision soon.

        Will you use your antigravity forcefield?

        Or will you release the reverse singularity?

> use your antigravity forcefield

        You take a deep breath.

        "Let's use the forcefields,"  you say.  "We'll go as near as we can
to the black hole, then extend the antigravity fields around it till it's in
an enclosed bubble of absolute vacuum.  Once the black hole has no matter
left to suck, it should start to emit Hawking radiation.  Once it does that,
then we'll know that it's starting to evaporate."

        You smile wearily at NESCA.  "To think that I was complaining about
our hours of travel through the core.  We may have weeks of waiting ahead of
us.  We can't leave until we're entirely sure that the black hole is gone.
If I'd known this was going to happen, I would have cherished every last
second before getting here."

         NESCA doesn't respond.  Curiously, she seems to be debating with
herself.  Shrugging, you turn back to the control panel. But before you can
again reconfigure the forcefield to bring you closer to the black hole, she
suddenly grabs your hand.

        "Sir,"  she says intensely,  "only one of us is needed for this job."

        "What do you mean?"  you ask, confused.

        "I mean, this is a very hazardous task, and we might not survive,"
NESCA continues patiently.  "However, both of us need not be put in harm's
way.  I can do this alone.  You should use the pod and escape.  Now."

        "That's--that's very kind of you."  You shake your head.  "But this
is my mistake.  My fault.  I have to rectify it myself."

        "Your integrity is noted sir,"  NESCA says firmly, "but unnecessary.
Besides, since I am your creation, bearing your neurons, you can almost say
that you're doing this yourself.  You need not be guilty for entrusting this
task to me."

        The temptation to take her up on her effort is great, but your guilt
is greater.  "I'm sorry, NESCA, but I just can't countenance--"

        "I knew you would say that, sir."

        Suddenly, you feel sharp sting against your arm.  You look down in
shock, to see a syringe emptying its yellowish contents into your veins.
Dimly, you recognize the name written on the side of the syringe as a
powerful sedative.  NESCA is holding it.

        "So I'm not giving you a choice.  Sir."

        You look up at her furiously and try to speak, but already the room
is darkening in front of you.  Your ears fill with a rushing sound.  Your
muscles turn to jelly.  After a few more seconds, you slump unconscious to
the floor.  NESCA picks you up easily, then stares at your face for a moment.

        "This is my job now,"  she whispers tenderly.  "My friend."

Back-up
        NESCA shoves you inside the escape pod.  Once she makes sure that
you're securely strapped in, she steps back and releases it.  The pod pops
from the surface of the White Singularity and shoots for the surface of the
Earth like a runaway balloon.

        The sedative keeps you unconscious for almost half a day.  By the
time you regain consciousness, you are well through the middle of the Mantle.
 For a time, you kick at the walls in impotent fury, but there's really
nothing you can do.  The pod has its own antigravity forcefield,
life-support, and communications, but not much of anything else.  You can't
even steer, much less try to go back.  Fortunately, NESCA already programmed
the coordinates of the rift into the pod's computer; plus, she alerted Irene
to your coming, so the helicopter should be waiting for you.

        An hour after you wake up, NESCA sends you a brief transmission
saying that your plan worked brilliantly.  She has succeeded in enfolding the
black hole with the ship's antigravity forcefield.  Almost immediately, she
said, the black hole's diameter seemed to shrink, and it started emitting
Hawking radiation, which is the hallmark of a dying miniature singularity.
She says that according to her calculations, the black hole should evaporate
completely within six days.  She adds that fortunately, the ship's own
forcefields seem to be holding for the moment.

        You are happy with the results, but you still can't help feeling that
you should be down there at the core, monitoring the demise of the black
hole.  After all, it's your fault that it's down there in the first place.
Since there's nothing else for you to do, your mind wanders to NESCA.  You
wonder if her earlier question--if whether you considered her as a friend or
merely a tool--played any role at all in her curious behavior.

        Since you can't ask her, you end up dozing off.  The rest of the trip
is uneventful.

        When you pop out at the rift, the helicopter is indeed in place.  A
chain is thrown out, which attaches via an extremely strong magnet to the
side of the pod.  You are flown quickly back to the hangar, and the hatch
prised free.

        The second you stumble out of the pod's cramped cabin, your wife
flings her arms around you, laughing and crying at the same time.  She looks
haggard and disheveled, as if she hasn't slept or eaten in days.  You hug
each other tightly for several moments, surrounded by your clapping and
whistling colleagues.

        Almost immediately, however, you remember the problem at hand.  You
disentangle yourself gently and ask Irene about what's happening to the core,
as NESCA must be communicating with her most often.  Your junior scientists
become serious and start hustling the two of you to the ground crew's main
control room.

        "It's going well,"  Irene says breathlessly as you jog through the
crowded halls, hastily wiping away tears.  "It's a good thing we installed
all those extra generators.  The main one has failed already at the added
load."

        "How many more do we have left?"

        "Two."

        "Do you think they'll last for five more days?"  you ask tensely.

        Your scientists glance at each other uneasily.

        "They have to, sir,"  one of your junior scientists, a tall, thin,
bespectacled  genius named Ace speaks up.  "If the White Singularity fails
now, we won't have enough time to build another one to send down to the
core."

        "Yeah, I was afraid of that,"  you mutter.  You arrive at the control
room and stare over the heads of all the people rushing around.  Covering an
entire wall is a replica of the sensor screen aboard the White Singularity,
showing a diagram of the ship in proximity to the black hole.  Also shown is
the forcefield as it wavers around both the ship and the black hole.

        "It looks a lot more unstable from here,"  you say worriedly.  "Are
there really just two more generators on board the White Singularity?  If the
lifespan of the main generator is any clue, then each generator will function
for only about two days each.  That will leave us with one day unaccounted
for."

        "Well, there are two more, but they support other vital systems of
the White Singularity,"  Irene answers.  "It's up to you if you want to pull
out any of them."

        "We can disengage either the life support or the communications
generator if needed,"  Ace volunteers.

        The decision is once again yours.

        Will you pull out the communications generator?

        Or will you pull out the life support generator?

> pull out the life support generator

        You chew your lip, agonizing over the decision.  Suddenly, a
brilliant light seems to illuminate your mind.  You slap your forehead with
your palm.

        "Idiot,"  you mutter.  "NESCA doesn't need the life-support systems.
She's not human.  She's a machine."

        Irene stares at you in admiration.  "You're right!  Why didn't we
think of that?"

        The other scientists heave sighs of relief and start giving each
other high-fives.

        "Don't celebrate just yet," you say, though you're hard pressed to
suppress a grin.  "Let's just hope those three generators are enough."

        "Let's hope so, sir,"  Ace says fervently.  "Okay, patching on to
NESCA."

        They converse for several minutes.   "She says affirmative to the
disengagement of the life-support generator.  She's working on rewiring it to
the forcefield now."

        "Good."

        You feel tired suddenly, like a puppet with its strings cut.  You
sway on your feet.  Fortunately, your colleagues see you, and help you to a
chair.  Irene hurries over to fuss over you.

        "I'll give you a massage once this is over,"  she promises, giving
you a sound kiss on the cheek.  "What do we do now?"

        "Now?"  You look at the sensor screens and sigh.  "Now, we wait."

Back-up

        Four days pass, and the back-up generators indeed fail one after
another.  Fortunately, you plan works, and the life-support generator
supports the forcefield perfectly without detriment to NESCA.

        However, whether it can last the last day waits to be seen.  You wait
with strung nerves and bated breath as the hours crawl by.  When you reach
the twenty-third hour, the third and last generator sputters as if on cue.

        You receive a desperate transmission from NESCA.

        "The generator can't hold much longer!"

        Irene grips your sleeve.  "The communications generator."

        "But if we pull that out as well, NESCA will have no way to contact
us to receive further instruction,"  Ace argues.  "We'll never know where to
pick the White Singularity up, or if we don't find her, whether she succeeded
at all."

        "That's kind of a moot point now, isn't it,"  you say grimly.  "If
the antigravity forcefield collapses before the black hole evaporates, we'll
be back to  square one, or worse."

        "This is our best chance to get rid of this thing,"  Irene agrees.
"We have to pull out all the stops now."

        Another tachyon transmission comes in.  Ace points excitedly at the
sensor screens as NESCA's face materializes.  "Maybe we won't have to
deactivate the generators!"

        "Dr. Esguerra,"  NESCA says formally, "I am happy to tell you that
the black hole is no more."

        "What?  What?"  You look blankly at the diagram which was previously
showing the black hole, the White Singularity, and the wavering forcefield.
But now, the black hole is gone, and the forcefield is only surrounding the
ship.

        "The black hole has fully evaporated,"  NESCA clarifies, smiling
slightly.  "I am now making my way to the surface.  I shall be at the rift in
approximately 33.4 hours.  Over and out."

        Her picture winks out.  For several seconds, there is only a stunned
silence.  Then abruptly, frenzied whooping, cheering, and clapping fill the
room.  You grin widely as several people crowd around you and compete to
shake your hand or clap you on the back.  The next moment, you are hefted
over the shoulders of several of your admiring colleagues and paraded around
the room.  You swivel around the room and look back at your wife, who is
holding two thumbs up at you, her cheeks sparkling with proud and happy
tears.

        The White Singularity resurfaces at the rift almost to the minute
that NESCA predicted.  She has tetrabytes of data about the core itself, and
the black hole.   You prove that the latter has evaporated, to your
satisfaction.

        The scientists are so happy with the data that they almost forget
that you put the black hole in the core of the Earth to begin with.  They
forgive you that monumental mistake anyway.   Apparently, there was nothing
erroneous with your calculations; the equations themselves that everybody had
been using were wrong.

        You get another Nobel prize for your work, a gigantic grant for more
expeditions with the White Singularity, and an even larger office.   Most
enjoyably, you get two entire months off, during which you learn--to your
great joy--that your wife is expecting the child that you've been waiting for
for five years.   To celebrate, you go on a Mediterranean cruise.

        You relax on the deck of a luxurious yacht with Irene, filled with
peace and bliss.

        You've gone to the core, saved the world, earned a Nobel prize with
its corresponding benefits, and now you have a kid on the way--life can't get
much better than this.
