Loading game...

Without A Clue

L

Without  A  Clue

A Detective Game by David Whyld
Written with ADRIFT 4, Version 46
Started in November 2007; Finished in March 2008

        1)        Start the game
        2)        Read the introduction
        3)        About the game
        4)        Things to know before playing
        5)        Game information

> 1

Part 1: Breaking & Entering

In which our hero, attempting to uncover evidence  of the foul deeds of one
Sherlock Holmes, breaks into his residence on Baker Street...

At The Bottom Of Some Stairs

The lower floor of Sherlock Holmes' residence is sparse and drab, consisting
of nothing more interesting than a flight of stairs leading upwards, a door
leading south to Baker Street, a table by the door on which someone has
placed a vase containing a flower (though watering said flower had obviously
not occurred to them) and a corridor leading away to the north. It is
certainly not anything like as glamorous or high class as you expected it to
be.

   Evidence. That's what you need. Evidence of Holmes' miscreant ways. It
won't be easy. but you're quietly confident of getting what you came for.
   So you start looking, and you keep a mental note (check it from time to
time by typing 'evidence') of your progress.

> x vase
It's got a chip down one side - has Holmes used it to bludgeon some poor
unfortunate to death with? Perhaps. Perhaps indeed.
   There's also a dead flower inside though you can't say you're really
concerned over this.

You swiftly make a mental note of this piece of evidence.

*** Your score has increased by 1 point! ***

> u

At The Top Of Some Stairs

This small area outside of Holmes' residence (to the east) looks every bit as
shabby and drab as you'd imagine. There is dust everywhere. Holmes may
present an acceptable facade to the world in general, but in his own home he
appears to have let things go. There's even dust on the stairs leading down
to the lower floor. Shockingly low standards here and no mistake.

> e

Sherlock Holmes' Residence

Ah, the home of the famous detective himself. It's not a large place and
seems to consist of nothing more than a single room overlooking Baker Street
with a closet in the corner. A table in the middle of the floor has been
tipped over, spilling tea everywhere and leaving a frightful stain. There are
two chairs here, a comfortable rocking chair and a less comfortable wooden
one, positioned before a log fire which is currently unlit. A collection of
books, mostly first editions, line a shelf over a cabinet in the corner
opposite the closet. Bullet holes mark the walls and you also notice a few in
the window as well. The door to the west appears to have received its fair
share of bullet holes, too.

> x tea
Dreadfully untidy of Holmes to leave tea everywhere. Doesn't say much for his
cleaner in your opinion.

You swiftly make a mental note of this piece of evidence.

*** Your score has increased by 1 point! ***

> x stain
You peer closely at the stain. And frown.
   Now, unless Holmes' tea is reddish in colour (which is altogether possible
considering how odd the man is), that stain down there isn't tea. In fact, if
you didn't know better, you'd swear it was really blood.

You swiftly make a mental note of this piece of evidence.

*** Your score has increased by 1 point! ***

> x window
Bullet holes in the window, eh? Awfully suspicious. Why, if you didn't know
better, you'd swear something out of the ordinary had occurred here.

You swiftly make a mental note of this piece of evidence.

*** Your score has increased by 1 point! ***

> x cabinet
A cabinet which looks to have received one heck of a knock recently. The
front is hanging off, the top is battered and its contents... there aren't
any. Either someone has already swiped them or the cabinet was simply empty.

You swiftly make a mental note of this piece of evidence.

*** Your score has increased by 1 point! ***

> x table
It's certainly been battered around a bit. Hmmm... now, you're no fan of
Holmes (God forbid!) but you find it a tad unlikely that even he, with his
reputation and image to consider, would leave home with his table in this
state. How odd.

You swiftly make a mental note of this piece of evidence.

*** Your score has increased by 1 point! ***

> x log fire
A cosy little thing, no doubt where the 'master' detective sits in an evening
and smokes that revolting air-polluting pipe of his. Currently unlit, with
nothing more interesting than ash to see.

> x ash
You sift through the ash, seeking clues, and finding something... odd. Very
odd. A note. In Holmes' handwriting no less.

> read note
The note has been partially burnt but you can still read most of what has
been written:

"...might be on to me. Watson is fearful and ... the Black Hand Gang ...
probably should never have taken the case but it was for a good cause and...
so left this note... unlikely BHG will spot it here but hopefully... will
find it and realise... something happened... if so, you, whoever you are,
might be my last hope..."

Curious.

You swiftly make a mental note of this piece of evidence.

*** Your score has increased by 1 point! ***

> light fire
Strangely there is no means of lighting it visible. No matches, no poker to
stoke it with, nothing. It is all very, very odd.

You swiftly make a mental note of this piece of evidence.

*** Your score has increased by 1 point! ***

> x bullet holes
You peer at the nearest bullet holes - those in the door - noticing, with
your expert eye, that they all appear to be of a similar shape and size.
Therefore, you conclude, they were all fired from the same gun. Dashed tardy
of Holmes to go out and leave his residence in this state.
   Hmm... what's this? You study a bullet hole a little more closely and
notice that there is still a bullet embedded in it. Picking it out, you
examine the bullet more closely. Best keep this with you in case it comes in
handy.

You swiftly make a mental note of this piece of evidence.

*** Your score has increased by 1 point! ***

> in

A Somewhat Dark & Dingy Closet

Of all the dark and dingy closets you have been in during your life (there
have been a quite a few), this is by far the darkest. Not to mention the
dingiest. If there's a working light bulb in here, you can't see head nor
tail of it and the pitiful amount of light which filters from the main room
does nothing to dispel the gloom.

You can see (just about) a coatstand with what appears to be one of Holmes'
old overcoats slung over it. But in the truly dismal light, it could also be
a masked assailant about to strike. It's hard to tell.

> x overcoat
You rifle through the pockets of the overcoat, disturbing so much dust that
you begin to harbour the belief that Holmes perhaps keeps it to deter
riflers, and find... not much. Most of the pockets are empty (dust
notwithstanding), however in the final one you find... a fake moustache.
   A fake moustache?
   Yes, a fake moustache. You don't even want to know why Holmes had it in
the pocket of his overcoat, but you suspect the worst.

You swiftly make a mental note of this piece of evidence.

*** Your score has increased by 1 point! ***

> out

Sherlock Holmes' Residence

Ah, the home of the famous detective himself. It's not a large place and
seems to consist of nothing more than a single room overlooking Baker Street
with a closet in the corner. A table in the middle of the floor has been
tipped over, spilling tea everywhere and leaving a frightful stain. There are
two chairs here, a comfortable rocking chair and a less comfortable wooden
one, positioned before a log fire which is currently unlit. A collection of
books, mostly first editions, line a shelf over a cabinet in the corner
opposite the closet. Bullet holes mark the walls and you also notice a few in
the window as well. The door to the west appears to have received its fair
share of bullet holes, too.

[MORE]

A thought suddenly occurs to you and you stop dead in your tracks. There is
something wrong here, something very wrong indeed.
   You peer around the residence of the so-called great detective, your eagle
eye attuned to the slightest detail, the most minute thing out of place...
and yes, there is a lot out of place here, a lot that doesn't add up. Someone
of his reputation would never leave his residence in such a state. He has an
image to consider, after all. He has to 'appear' to be a wise and wonderful
detective even though you know he is anything but.
   Sherlock Holmes has been kidnapped!
   You stifle your initial reaction to jump for joy and, perhaps, give a cry
of "about time!" and pause to consider what this means. The position of
greatest detective of all time is now open, ready for someone with the
necessary skills, intelligence, good lucks and ingenuity (you, in other
words) to step forward and fill it. However...
   Your brow is furrowed with thought as you consider further what this
means. It means that somewhere out there, Holmes, and possibly that buffoon
Watson, are held captive. Perhaps their very lives are in danger. Now, a
lesser man might simply turn his back on the fools and leave them to their
fate. But not you. No, for you are Ognacio Bigglesworth and you are above
pettiness. You will find them, rescue them and, when that is done, you will
make it perfectly clear to Mr I'm Such A Great Detective Holmes just who
rescued him. The kidnappers might have Holmes but you fancy you'll prove more
than a match for them. The look on Holmes' face alone will be worth the
trouble.
   Your mind decided, you leave the residence and head downstairs. Time to
catch a handsome cab to begin the search for Holmes and Watson.

*** Your score has increased by 1 point! ***

[MORE]

At The Bottom Of Some Stairs

The lower floor of Sherlock Holmes' residence is sparse and drab, consisting
of nothing more interesting than a flight of stairs leading upwards, a door
leading south to Baker Street, a table by the door on which someone has
placed a vase containing a flower (though watering said flower had obviously
not occurred to them) and a corridor leading away to the north. It is
certainly not anything like as glamorous or high class as you expected it to
be.

> s
Armed with the evidence you have discovered, you set off to find Sherlock
Holmes and Watson. And, while you're at it, prove to the world just who the
greatest detective of them all really is.

[MORE]

Part 2: The Search For Sherlock Holmes

In which our intrepid hero, realising that he has the opportunity to become
an actual hero (and rub someone's nose in it in the bargain), sets off to
find out just what has happened to Sherlock Holmes and his troublesome
companion...

You head out of 55 Baker Street and hail a handsome cab. One pulls up to the
kerb - anything but handsome, but you don't have time to waste awaiting a
more appealing one - and you climb inside, give directions to the cabbie, a
chubby fellow with a cheerful expression on his face (by London cabbie
standards anyway), and away you go.
   While being bounced around in the back of the cab, you go over what you
know about this little mystery so far and what you have uncovered.
   The bullet: did someone attempt to murder Holmes? You can easily
understand such feelings, but this bullet is a very handy clue to have all
the same. Bullets can be traced and, as lucky chance would have it, you know
the location of the Gunshop, London's premier store for all things related to
blasting away merrily at the wildlife in the name of gentlemanly fun. A
little chat with the owner about said bullet ought to steer you in the right
direction.

[MORE]

The fake moustache: on its own it means nothing, but you think over again
where you found it. Now that you ponder it, its position seems somewhat
suspicious. Everything else in the overcoat was useless, yet this moustache
just screams "clue" at you in letters four inches high and bold, underlined
and scored through to boot. You should probably make a point of stopping off
at that outfitter's store you sometimes frequent and see if they have a list
of the fake moustaches they sell. With luck, you might well find who the
owner is within the hour. With even more luck, the owner and the kidnapper of
Sherlock Holmes will be one and the same.
   The note: definitely a clue left by Holmes for someone - in this case you
- to find. The Black Hand Gang? No, you've never heard of them though you can
well understand if they want to do harm to the doddering fool. Still, Holmes
leaving you this clue has given you a definite place to start looking for
him: namely with Inspector Lestrade of the Yard. If anyone knows about the
Black Hand Gang, it'll be him.

"'Ere we r, guv'nor!" chirps up the cabbie with the kind of appalling
approach to spelling that has often made you froth at the mouth before.
"Tha'll be-" He reels off a price and adds, "in cash" before extending his
hand to you.
   You pay the bounder then depart his cab. You have arrived at your
destination.
   Which is...

1)        Scotland Yard (to see Inspector Lestrade in relation to the Black
Hand Gang)
2)        Hortile's Outfitters (to check on the fake moustache)
3)        The Gunshop (to check on the bullet)

> 1

Before The Doors Of Scotland Yard

Scotland Yard: the great bastion of law enforcement in London. It is a
gigantic structure - a marvel of modern engineering at its finest - covering
several city blocks and packed full of the finest detectives in the world who
strive with every fibre of their being to solve crime once and for all and
make the country a safer place to live in.

At least that's what it's supposed to be like. In truth, you see a rather
rundown establishment that might, to an unfavourable eye, look somewhat like
a tawdry brothel. Several of the windows here have been smashed, several
others have been boarded up and the rest have been stolen. Doors lead inside,
though there's no real need to open them as they're both smashed to such a
degree that, even closed, they're still effectively 'open'. The street
leading away from Scotland Yard does so with great vigour to the south.

> in

Scotland Yard

It may have a reputation that is known around the world, but the interior of
Scotland Yard is no more pleasing to the eye than the exterior. The part
you're in now, which actually comprises 50% of its overall space, is a long,
thin room with desks crammed against one wall, a map of the city in the
middle and several detectives eating muffins stood around a radio blaring out
the latest horse racing results. An area to the west contains a number of
holding cells but as the doors to many of these have fallen off, whether they
still qualify as 'holding' cells is perhaps debatable. Inspector Lestrade,
sporting a very fetching red tie, is sat in the corner and looking thoroughly
morose.

> x map
A shockingly simplified map, spanning nothing more than five feet, with the
Thames, depicted here as the colour of either blood or treacle (you can't
decide which) running through its centre. Various red blobs dotted across the
map seem to indicate ongoing investigations, green blobs indicate concluded
ones. You can't help but notice that the ratio of red to green is somewhere
in the region of 3,192 to 1.

> x river thames
Your eagle-eyed attention-to-detail brain focuses on an anomaly on the
northern bank of the River Thames. It deviates some 25 metres in an area
given over to abandoned warehouses and the like. Why? You cannot say for
sure, but you get the distinct impression that something is going on there
that Scotland Yard don't want the general public to know about.

*** Your score has increased by 1 point! ***

> ask lestrade about note
Lestrade peers at the note. He glances at it, mutters something, glances at
it some more, and frowns. "Move it a bit closer, will you?"
   You hold the note a little closer.
   "Bingo!" he says. "Now..." He reads the note. "Hmmm... interesting stuff
there. So the Black Hand Gang are back in town, eh? Nasty bunch of criminals
and no mistake. You cross them, you don't live to tell the tale."

*** Your score has increased by 1 point! ***

> ask lestrade about black hand gang
"Nasty bunch of criminals, totally lacking in class and style," says
Lestrade, emphasising this last part as if it bears greater relevance than
the first. "Enemies of Sherlock Holmes and vowed to do him ill if they ever
find out where he lives."
   "But everyone knows Holmes lives at 55 Baker Street," you point out.
   "Yes, but the BHG aren't the smartest criminals in town. They've been
searching for him high and low for years now." Lestrade shivers. "I'd hate to
see the state him and poor old Dr Watson would be in if they managed to find
him."
   "Really? Tell me more..."
   "I heard a rumour they had a hideout down by the docks some time back,"
says Lestrade, staring off into the middle distance as if the location of the
hideout can be seen there. "Don't know whether they'd still be there after
all this time, but if you're interested in tracking down the lowlives, that
would be a good place to start... say," Lestrade looks at you, "why are you
asking me about them?"
   "Just curious," you say hastily, hoping you haven't given away too much.
   Lestrade frowns. He has the look of a man who is seriously considering
beating you bloody for wasting police time (you have a remarkably low opinion
of the police force) but getting out of his chair requires way too much
effort.
   "Just go about your business, friend," he says with a sigh. "I've got too
much work to do now to waste time on you." He starts to eat another muffin.

*** Your score has increased by 1 point! ***

> out

Before The Doors Of Scotland Yard

Scotland Yard: the great bastion of law enforcement in London. It is a
gigantic structure - a marvel of modern engineering at its finest - covering
several city blocks and packed full of the finest detectives in the world who
strive with every fibre of their being to solve crime once and for all and
make the country a safer place to live in.

At least that's what it's supposed to be like. In truth, you see a rather
rundown establishment that might, to an unfavourable eye, look somewhat like
a tawdry brothel. Several of the windows here have been smashed, several
others have been boarded up and the rest have been stolen. Doors lead inside,
though there's no real need to open them as they're both smashed to such a
degree that, even closed, they're still effectively 'open'. The street
leading away from Scotland Yard does so with great vigour to the south.

> s
You call a handsome cab, step inside and inform the cabbie of your
destination.
   Which is...?

1)        Hortile's Outfitters
2)        The Gunshop

> 1

On Podmore Lane

Many are the times you have walked past the fashionable stores of Podmore
Lane, gazing at the lavishly expensive clothing in the windows of many of the
stores, bypassing the even more lavishly expensive outfits worn by the other
shoppers, and feeling a little envious in your own drab garb. Still, one day,
when you solve this case and are rightfully credited as a master detective by
your peers...

The store you have come here for - Hortile's Outfitters - is a short way to
the northwest while other stores, all of them selling clothes, all of them
way out of your present league, can be sighted in most other compass
directions. A road leading out of here to less elitist parts of London can be
spied to the south.

> in

Hortile's Outfitters

Though your means do not allow you to frequent premises such as these very
often, frequent them you do. You are, in fact, on first name terms with a
good number of the store owners in these parts, however you suspect the
majority of them would be horrified, if not stricken dead of shock on the
spot, to learn of your true yearly salary...

Hortile's Outfitters is a gentleman's store. A rich gentleman's store, that
is. On display are items which would set the average man in the street back
six months salary. The expensive items are kept out back. Hortile himself -
balding, bespectacled, somewhat resembles a shrew in your opinion - is
standing around looking rather vague and holding a leek in his hands. If
there is a reason for this, it seems not to be one he is keen on sharing.

> ask hortile about moustache
"Hmmm?" says Hortile. He takes the moustache and peers at it closely. "Ah
yes, I recognise this moustache. It's a Brazilian Blue '58, a particularly
fine specimen worn by certain gentlemen wishing to make themselves appear
more Brazilian."
   "Why would anyone want to appear more Brazilian?" you ask, instinctively
taking a dislike to the idea on principle.
   "Oh? No idea really but customers demand them so we supply them." He hands
it back to you. "I believe I recognise this particular one because the owner
specified its exact size and shape. Buck, he called himself."
   "Buck?"
   "Yes. A good Brazilian name I remember thinking at the time. Said he
wished to impress some friends of his at the casino on Demontfort Avenue and
so requisitioned this moustache."
   The casino on Demontfort Avenue, eh? You'll be sure to check that out.

*** Your score has increased by 1 point! ***

> out

On Podmore Lane

Many are the times you have walked past the fashionable stores of Podmore
Lane, gazing at the lavishly expensive clothing in the windows of many of the
stores, bypassing the even more lavishly expensive outfits worn by the other
shoppers, and feeling a little envious in your own drab garb. Still, one day,
when you solve this case and are rightfully credited as a master detective by
your peers...

The store you have come here for - Hortile's Outfitters - is a short way to
the northwest while other stores, all of them selling clothes, all of them
way out of your present league, can be sighted in most other compass
directions. A road leading out of here to less elitist parts of London can be
spied to the south.

> s
You call a handsome cab, step inside and inform the cabbie of your
destination.
   Which is...?

1)        Scotland Yard
2)        The Gunshop

> 2

On The Pavement Near The Gunshop

Dark and brooding, the Gunshop is a veritable eyesore on a London that is, in
your opinion, already dark and brooding enough. It's a dirty black shop which
seems to exude foul smoke for most of the day and practically disappears when
dusk falls. People walking down the street here tend to veer around the
Gunshop, perhaps fearful of either the smoke, the smell or, more likely, the
distinct possibility of being shot.

A doorway leads inside. Part of a doorway anyway. The part that hasn't been
blasted to bits by one stray misfire or another. From within, you can see
little but hear more than you would care to of guns, guns, guns and, indeed,
more guns. A road leads away to the south and looks somewhat less likely to
be the location of a shooting.

> in

The Gunshop

The interior of the Gunshop is poorly lit, if lit at all. Peering through the
smoke (which is actually floating gunpowder as well as the residue or more
guns being fired than should ever be allowed within the limits of a city),
you spy the owner, a tall, bearded fellow carrying several loaded weapons,
cleaning a cannon in the corner. Yes, a cannon. An actual cannon. You don't
even want to ask whether it's been fired recently...

> show bullet to owner
The owner hesitates then reaches over and takes the bullet.
   "Nice bullet," he says after peering at it for a few seconds. "Seen this
type before."
   "Might I ask where?"
   He shrugs. "Sure."
   You wait.
   He waits.
   You sigh. Clearly he is a very literal man. "Where have you seen its type
before?"
   "Fellow came in, oh, 'bout 8 years back with a gun. Special kinda gun he
got off his old man who were in the army. Said he wanted some bullets for it.
Kinda strange."
   "The man or the gun?" you ask.
   "Both. The man had an evil squint. Looked like he'd either been slapped
about way too much as a youngster or not enough. And the gun was weird as
well. Not a standard make. Special trigger 'n' all. Custom-made job. An' only
one reason you want bullets for a custom gun, son."
   "And that is?"
   "Untraceable. Your average cop bullets expert knows all your standard
bullet types and knows where the guns what make 'em are sold. But he comes
across a custom gun and he ain't got a clue. So if you were plannin' to shoot
someone and you didn't ever want to be caught, that's the way to do it."
   Interesting, you think, very interesting indeed. "And I suppose you
wouldn't happen to have an address for the man who came in, would you?"
   "Sure."
   You wait.
   He waits.
   You sigh. "And the address is...?"
   He tells you. You recognise the address: an office in downtown London, not
too far from your own humble abode. You could be there in no time.
   "Many thanks for your assistance," you say to the owner. "Now, could I
have that bullet back?"
   "What bullet?" he asks, and proceeds to clean his cannon whilst doing an
excellent job of totally ignoring you.

*** Your score has increased by 1 point! ***

> out

On The Pavement Near The Gunshop

Dark and brooding, the Gunshop is a veritable eyesore on a London that is, in
your opinion, already dark and brooding enough. It's a dirty black shop which
seems to exude foul smoke for most of the day and practically disappears when
dusk falls. People walking down the street here tend to veer around the
Gunshop, perhaps fearful of either the smoke, the smell or, more likely, the
distinct possibility of being shot.

A doorway leads inside. Part of a doorway anyway. The part that hasn't been
blasted to bits by one stray misfire or another. From within, you can see
little but hear more than you would care to of guns, guns, guns and, indeed,
more guns. A road leads away to the south and looks somewhat less likely to
be the location of a shooting.

> s
You call a handsome cab, step inside and inform the cabbie of your
destination.
   Which is...?

1)        Scotland Yard
2)        Hortile's Outfitters

> 1
"Actually," says the handsome cabbie (who is anything but in your opinion),
"I think we'll take a little detour instead."
   You frown. "A little detour to... where?"
   "Hell," says the cabbie. He looks back at you and chortles. "You been
stickin' your nose in where it ain't wanted, Bigglesworth. Time you learnt
the error of your ways."
   Before you can ask him what he means, or, for that matter, just how he
knows your name, someone climbs into the cab alongside you and pushes a cloth
in your face. A cloth with something rather unpleasant sprayed onto it.
You're about to protest at this callous treatment, but the handsome cab has
begun to spin around you and your knees have turned to jelly and the floor of
the cab is suddenly rushing up to meet your head...

[MORE]

Part 3: Kidnapped!

In which our hero discovers that being kidnapped is much more enjoyable when
it's happening to someone else...

Hmmm... the drug seems to be wearing off.
   You blink, groan, give out an obligatory "Wh-what happened?" followed by
"Where am I?" then fully open your eyes and see...

Cell

You've never spent time in prison (naturally), but you've often fancied that,
when you become the master detective you know you're destined to be, most of
your arrests will end up in a place similar to this: a horrible, grimy,
grotty little cell with a barred window high up on one wall, a light covering
of sand on the floor and a locked wooden door in the wall. Rats would
feature, too. Large rats. With sharp teeth and vicious claws. About the same
size as dogs...

Fortunately it's too dark in here for you to make out much beyond the filthy
little bunk you awoke on, but you can hear the rats scrabbling around there
in the darkness. The door is a vague outline with the window only a little
better defined due to the dim sunlight filtering through it. In short, the
accommodation is here is frankly appalling.

Your possessions! They're gone!
   Actually, you still have your stuff. And your clothes - your kidnappers
may be shameless bounders but at least they didn't see fit to strip you
naked. Thank heavens!
   But your current location... well, this just won't do. No, not at all.
You're just going to have to escape.

> x bunk
Hardly the sort of accommodation you'd expect to find in a first class hotel,
but certainly not as shabby as it could be. The bunk is bent out of shape,
the pillow is (literally) nailed to the top of it and the mattress has so
many lumps that you wonder if it's really just one big lump that happens to
resemble a mattress.

> x pillow
The pillow does not look comfortable. Not at all. Then again, you've never
been the kind of person who feels that criminals should be molly-coddled so
you'd normally be totally fine with this if you weren't currently the one
stuck in here.
   That nail hammered through it might be a tad too far, though, and it has
caused a huge tear in one side of the pillow.

> x tear
As you study the tear, you notice (in the eagle-eyed way of great detectives
everywhere) that there's something poking out of it. You tug it out. "It"
turns out to be a wooden cat.

> drop cat
The cat drops to the floor. At once, there is a frenzied scrabbling from the
rats who immediately retreat from where it landed. The wooden cat doesn't
actually do anything - being made of wood it's not capable of doing a whole
lot of things - but the rats, sensing the close proximity of something that
very often eats their sort for breakfast, in the most literal sense
imaginable, back away fearfully.

*** Your score has increased by 1 point! ***

> look under bunk
Aside from some sand, and a rat who flees the moment you swing your foot at
him, you find… a scrap of paper. Sure this must be a clue, you fish it out
from under the bunk.

> read paper
It reads:

"If you're reading this, know something very important. Know that if you do
not heed the advice given on this scrap of paper, you will almost certainly
die a terrible death in the confines of this cell. Know that disregarding
what I am about to tell you will ensure you never leave these four walls
alive. Above all else, do not let this note fall into the wrong hands. The
consequences could be fatal.

"To escape this most hideous fate…"

That's the extent of the paper. Someone has torn away the lower part of it.
Damn that Holmes (for you recognise his handwriting). Couldn't he have left
off the rambling prose for once and just written the facts right at the
beginning?
   Still, at least this confirms that you're closer to him.

*** Your score has increased by 1 point! ***

> eat paper
Knowing it's never a good idea to leave potential evidence lying around -
even useless evidence - you pop it into your mouth and swallow it down. While
it hardly compares to the gourmet meals you have taken a fancy to as of late,
it's not especially horrible.

*** Your score has increased by 1 point! ***

> x sand
It's sand and it's not very clean sand. You entertain a brief idea that the
cell floor is covered with sand to hide the bloodstains from all the
prisoners that have been beat to death in this cell in the past, but as
you're currently locked up here, you decide to instead entertain the idea
that the sand is merely here for decoration.
   Now the rats have retreated from the fearsome wooden cat you dropped, you
can see what appears to be a trapdoor in the floor.

> smash trapdoor
Violence solves nothing.

Usually. But this time it works a treat. You smash the trapdoor which, being
old and somewhat rickety, breaks in half. Part of it remains where it was,
while the rest tumbles away into the depths. Though you like to think of
yourself as brains rather than brawn, you accept that, when called upon, you
have them both in equal amounts.

*** Your score has increased by 1 point! ***

> d
You exit the cell via the trapdoor and clamber down a long (and slightly too
rickety for your liking) ladder to a corridor. The corridor appears
ordinary-ish. Hardly the sort of corridor one would expect to see in a
prison. So, maybe you're not in an abandoned prison after all. Which poses
the question…
   Where are you?

*** Your score has increased by 1 point! ***

[MORE]

Corridor

A small and ordinary-ish corridor. Dimly-lit, though enough light filters in
through a barred window at the north end to show you what is here to see.
That being: not much. The corridor itself leads away to the southwest and
southeast while a ladder leads up to the cell you recently escaped from
(quite brilliantly, in your humble opinion).

> n

A Dimly Lit Corridor

There is a barred window at the far end of the corridor, though thankfully
the bars are thin enough to allow enough light to stream through to
illuminate the rest of the corridor. On the down side, the bars are, unlike
everything else you have seen here, new and look to be rather on the
unbreakable side as far as your knowledge of metal bars go.

> x window
The window frame is old and rotted, the bars are new and you fancy would
gleam if there was enough light in here to gleam by.

> smash frame
You consider yourself a man of brains before brawn, but you have to admit
that when you a take a few steps back, throw yourself at the window frame and
give it a seriously good bash with your right shoulder, and it then breaks
free of the wall and tumbles into space and then subsequently tumbles away
into oblivion (probably smashing itself to pieces on the ground far down
below), you experience a certain sense of satisfaction.
   Where once there was a window with bars across it, there is now simply a
hole. A good deal more daylight filters into the corridor as a result, though
the place is still somewhat on the gloomy side.

*** Your score has increased by 1 point! ***

> s

Corridor

A small and ordinary-ish corridor. Dimly-lit, and not helped much by the
light which filters down the corridor from the window to the north. The
corridor itself leads away to the southwest and southeast while a ladder
leads up to the cell you recently escaped from (quite brilliantly, in your
humble opinion).

> se

Storage Room

Once this was no doubt a storage room of some kind, indicated by the shelves
lining the walls. But that was a long time ago alas, for all that is stored
on the shelves now is… dust. Lots of dust. Huge clumps of the stuff. It's
like every bit of dust was gathered from the rest of this building (prison?)
and piled high on the shelves here. Or, perhaps, it's simply a long, long
time since anyone had the decency to clean up in here. A doorway (minus
anything resembling a door) can be seen to the northwest but that's the only
exit you can see at the moment.

> get dust
Normally picking up dust would be all but impossible due to its nature of
simply breaking apart into smaller and smaller parts, but this dust seems to
have congealed into an almost solid mass over time and picking it up is
actually quite easy. Small parts flake off from time to time, but the dust
you pick up seems to retain its shape fairly well.

> nw

Corridor

A small and ordinary-ish corridor. Dimly-lit, and not helped much by the
light which filters down the corridor from the window to the north. The
corridor itself leads away to the southwest and southeast while a ladder
leads up to the cell you recently escaped from (quite brilliantly, in your
humble opinion).

> sw

Top Of Some Steps

The corridor ends at a flight of steps leading down into a fairly dark area.
With the window along the corridor now smashed and more light streaming
through it, you can make out a few things... but it's still far, far too
dark. Faintly, from a great distance, you fancy that you can hear voices,
though they are speaking so quietly (or perhaps just from so far away) that
you cannot make out what they are saying.

> d
You take a step forward into the almost-darkness. Even with the window now
absent and a little more daylight filtering into the corridor, down the steps
it's still… very, very dark. But by being careful, and squinting more than is
entirely good for you, you manage to make your way down the steps, avoiding a
rather nasty hole that you would doubtless have stumbled into if you hadn't
been able to at least see its outline, and proceed downwards. At some point,
the light is completely gone and you are forced to proceed on faith alone.
   That and the handrail running alongside the steps. Offering up a prayer to
whichever god it is that looks out for people who build handrails in darkened
stairwells, you continue downwards.
   Ahead, at the bottom of the steps, you see a few chinks of light and the
voices you felt you heard before become much more pronounced…

*** Your score has increased by 1 point! ***

[MORE]

An Unappealing Stretch Of Corridor

Bleak in a way remarkably similar to the corridor on the floor above, this
corridor is singularly unappealing. It extends east to west for… well, as
'far as the eye can see' isn't really indicative of much here considering
that, with it being somewhat dark, you can't see more than ten feet in either
direction. But the corridor does indeed extend as far as your eye can
currently see. A flight of steps lead upwards, though they appear even more
rickety than they did above.

> e

An Ascending Corridor

To the east, the corridor begins to rise ever so slightly. It is a gentle
inclination, the kind of thing that might go unnoticed by one less observant
than you, but definitely the corridor is rising. Is it perhaps leading back
to the area you departed not so long ago?

> e

An Ominous Puddle Of Water

The corridor is blocked (partially) by a puddle of water which stretches
across it from one side to another. Fortunately the puddle is barely two
inches wide so stepping over it should pose little problem to you, but,
nevertheless, something about the placement of the puddle strikes you as odd.

Voices drift to you from somewhere close by.

"… kill him?"
   "Indeed. You seem surprised at the idea."
   "But… but it's Sherlock Holmes, sir! The Sherlock Holmes. Your arch rival!
You can't just… kill him…"
   "Really? And, pray tell, why not?"

> drink water
Deciding to quench your thirst with this oddly-placed puddle of water, you
lean forward to-
   And then common sense reasserts itself and you hesitate. Are you really
going to drink from a puddle of water on the floor of an abandoned building?
There could be anything in it. Literally anything.
   But, you notice, as you hesitate with your face almost touching it, the
only thing in the puddle aside from the puddle itself is... a stick.
   You fish it out and shake it dry. Hmmm... it seems a little feeble to be
used as a potential weapon but you might be able to threaten someone with it
if they don't notice how weak it really is.

*** Your score has increased by 1 point! ***

"But you've plotted his death for years, sir. You've come up with one
fiendish plan after another for killing him. The vat of acid slowly eating
him alive… the piano falling on him from a great height… the swarm of killer
locusts…"
   "Yes. And?"
   "Now you're just going to… kill him…"

> w

An Ascending Corridor

To the east, the corridor begins to rise ever so slightly. It is a gentle
inclination, the kind of thing that might go unnoticed by one less observant
than you, but definitely the corridor is rising. Is it perhaps leading back
to the area you departed not so long ago?

"And that would be wrong you conclude?"
   "Yes, sir. Undoubtedly, sir."
   "Why, my man? Do tell."
   "It would be so… so…"
   "Ye-es?"
   "Well… crude, sir. Amateurish. Crass even. You can't just kill your arch
rival like that. You have to make his death mean something, sir."

> w

An Unappealing Stretch Of Corridor

Bleak in a way remarkably similar to the corridor on the floor above, this
corridor is singularly unappealing. It extends east to west for… well, as
'far as the eye can see' isn't really indicative of much here considering
that, with it being somewhat dark, you can't see more than ten feet in either
direction. But the corridor does indeed extend as far as your eye can
currently see. A flight of steps lead upwards, though they appear even more
rickety than they did above.

"No. No, I do not. You see, Fagen, that is where I have failed in the past.
That is my weakness, my… Achilles' Heel. I could simply, at any time over the
past decade, have walked up to Sherlock Holmes on a quiet and deserted street
and shot him dead. I could have burnt his house to the ground whilst he slept
during the night. I could have hired a gang of crude hooligans to pummel him
to death one day whilst he was out strolling. But no. Instead I went for more
elaborate means of killing him, of declaring to the world just who was
superior. That was my mistake. If you want someone killing, Fagen, simply
kill them. There is no need for theatrics."

> w

A Descending Corridor

The corridor, dimly lit (though you fail to see any source of light), begins
to slope down to the west. The walls feel a trifle damp. Are you underwater?

"You seem disappointed, Fagen. Do tell why."
   "This… this isn't you, sir. Your plan was just to break into Holmes'
residence and kidnap him, bring him back here and kill him where the sound of
any screams won't be heard."
   "That is, indeed, the plan. Do go on."
   "But where's the flare? Where's the ingenuity? Where's the skill and
mastermind you are well known for?"
   "Absent, my dear Fagen. Absent. Discarded as the irrelevancies they are."

> w

By A Grill

Set into the wall several feet above your head is a grill. It looks large
enough for a man of modest proportions (not you, alas) to crawl through,
though the fact remains that it is several feet above you and there is no
visible means of reaching it short of a miraculous and totally unexpected
growth spurt on your behalf.

"You see, Fagen, I tire of the theatrics. Holmes is a thorn in my side and I
fully intend to remove him once and for all. No more games, no more elaborate
schemes, no more mad capers. I will kill him today and bury his corpse in the
fields out back and no one will ever know what has happened to him."
   "And… and Dr Watson?"
   "Oh. I shall throw his dead body into the same grave as the one I use for
Holmes. Two birds with one stone, so to speak."

> throw stick at grill
The stick hits the grill and, with an almighty clang (which is way too loud
in your humble opinion), rocks its back in its setting.
   You freeze, sure that the sound will alert all manner of lowlife criminal
kinds to come investigating, but it seems, after a minute has passed in
silence, that the clang was perhaps not as loud as you feared.
   Breathing a sigh of relief, you stoop to pick up the stick, and find,
lying by its side, a silver ring. Frowning, you pick it up and dust it off.
Clearly this was concealed behind the grill and dropped down when you hit it
with the stick.

*** Your score has increased by 1 point! ***

"Oh… and, Fagen?"
   "Yes, sir?"
   "If that fool we caught following us has awakened yet, make sure he joins
that pair in the grave."
   "Yes, sir. Yes, Professor Moriarty."

The voices fade away.

> wear ring
You put on the silver ring.

> w

By A Stout Wooden Door

The corridor ends a few feet further to the west but directly north of you
lurks a stout wooden door. Yes, lurks. You aren't sure what it is about this
door which indicates a lurking status, but if a door could be said to lurk,
then this door is definitely that door.

> open door
The door opens easily. Very easily, in fact. It seems to have been used quite
often as of late.
   Before you, seated in the small room beyond the door, is none other than
Sherlock Holmes.

[MORE]

Part 4: A Slight Problem

In which our hero finds, to his joy, that Sherlock Holmes is indeed a
bumbling imbecile, but this unfortunately doesn't help his current situation
much...

Holmes' Cell

Roughly the same shape and dimensions as your cell, though a little more damp
and dank. There is a feeling of pressure in the air, further giving credence
to the idea that, wherever this place is, it's underground. Perhaps under a
river or lake.

Sat in a chair in the middle of the cell, not even tied up but making no
attempt to flee, is none other than Sherlock Holmes himself. He is dressed in
scruffier clothes than when you have chanced upon him in public, proof (in
your mind anyway) that underneath the obviously fake persona, he is a very
ordinary man indeed.

The only exit is the door to the south through which you entered.

So... face to face with Sherlock Holmes for the first time.
   You consider how best to handle this situation: a sneering greeting, as
you calmly inform him that you have breached the defences of this place in
order to rescue him; a mockery of his talents as a detective if he let
himself be captured so easily (yes, you were captured yourself, but you
managed to escape. This fool is still captive); or merely a cool nod between
professionals; perhaps even-
   "Bibble!" says Holmes.
   You frown. Did you hear that right-
   "Bubble!" says Holmes. He looks around the room, peers at a nearby wall
intently and shouts, "Bobble bobble BOBBLE!"
   Well... it seems your guess that the great Holmes was a demented idiot was
more correct than you ever knew.

> slap holmes
Figuring that this is the best way of dealing with the deranged and, also,
because the idea of slapping the 'great' detective across the face is so
very, very tempting, you draw your hand back and-
   "I wouldn't do that, dear boy," says Holmes. "You'll quite blow the
illusion of idiocy if you do."
   You hesitate, hand still raised. "But..."
   "Put your hand down, Mr Bigglesworth." Holmes rises to his feet. "We have
much work to do and, I daresay, a most reprehensible villain to apprehend."

[MORE]

Part 5: Better The Devil You Know...

In which our hero discovers, much to his disappointment, that Sherlock Holmes
isn't a bumbling imbecile after all and, to his further disappointment, that
he has to work alongside the great detective...

"Firstly," says Holmes, lighting a pipe he seems to have acquired from
somewhere in the cell, "I believe I owe you an apology, Mr Bigglesworth. It
was not my intention to drag an innocent bystander into this unwholesome mess
but, alas, sometimes even the best laid plans do not go strictly according
to, er, plan. And when none other than the notorious Professor Moriarty, the
very Napoleon of crime himself, is involved, it is seldom that plans go
according to, um, plan."
   You blink several times. Clearly the man is still delusional. "Hang on. I
found the clues at your residence and came here of my own volition-"
   "Indeed you did, Mr Bigglesworth. And for that you are to be
congratulated. The carefully-placed bullet, the moustache, the note about the
Black Hand Gang. I had precious little time to place the evidence and so
merely had to casually scatter it in plain sight, for the most part, and
simply hope that you would uncover it. As indeed you did. Well done, Mr
Bigglesworth, there aren't many who could have succeeded so admirably."
   You come dangerously close to actually thanking him for his praise, until
you remember just who it is you're speaking to here. He's a conman, you tell
yourself. A master manipulator. He's telling you these things to save his
skin and because he doesn't have a clue what to do next.
   "Of course, dear boy, of course," you tell him. Still delusional, of
course, just doing a better job of hiding it now. "What say we get you out of
this nasty cell and back to your residence, eh? Back to your comfortable
rocking chair and that fire? Eh?"
   Holmes blows a foul-smelling smoke ring up to the ceiling. "Indeed, my
good man. Indeed. No point in spending any more time in these less than
savoury surroundings now that the door is opened and the next part of my plan
can unfold."
   "Plan?" He has a plan? "You have a plan?"
   "Of course, Mr Bigglesworth. It's quite a simple and straightforward plan,
really, but often simple and straightforward succeeds where complicated and
tangled does not. The plan involves-"
   There is a sudden explosion from somewhere and the entire building sways
from side to side.
   "Bother!" says Holmes, dropping his pipe and losing it in the dark
confines of the cell. "No time to discuss the plan any further, Mr
Bigglesworth! I trust you are familiar with it anyway. I shall meet with you
at the laboratory and we shall effect the next part of the plan from there."
   Holmes pats you companionably on the shoulder and darts from the cell,
gone so swiftly that you suspect, if he ever tires of masquerading as a great
detective, he could be a first class athlete.
   "What plan?" you call after him but the madman has gone.

*** Your score has increased by 1 point! ***

> s
Barely has Holmes left the cell than you hurry after him. This is not, of
course, because you have any fears for your own safety, but, naturally,
because if the silly fool goes rushing off on his own, he's only going to get
himself in trouble again.
   So after him you run.
   Holmes darts down the corridor and then stops in mid-stride, peering at
the wall to the south with a frown etched across his face.
   "Notice the placing of the two bricks there and there?" he asks.
   You can't say that you do.
   "If I press this one here and this one here..." Holmes does, and the
entire wall opens up, revealing a flight of narrow stone steps leading
sharply upwards. "Ahah!"
   You just have to ask: "But where did you learn to do that?"
   "Elemenary, my dear Bigglesworth," says Holmes. "The elementary school I
attended was riddled with secret passages and whatnot. It became quite a game
for I and my school chums to spot them as we made our merry way to one lesson
or another. Now." Holmes enters the secret passage and begins to climb the
steps. "This way, Mr Bigglesworth. We have little time to waste."

> s
You follow Holmes up the steps.

[MORE]

The Laboratory Of Professor Moriarty {east}

Contrary to popular opinion, Professor Moriarty is not a mad scientist.
However, in order to further his many nefarious schemes, he often adopts the
guise of one and even keeps a fully functioning laboratory in which to
perform various deeds of ill repute. This is one such place: from the
bubbling cauldron in the corner to the skeleton manacled to the wall, from
the overpowering aroma of rotting flesh to the bats which flutter about the
ceiling... this is a mad scientist's laboratory and no mistake. Carefully
placed cobwebs cover many surfaces, adding an air of neglect to the
proceedings though you suspect this laboratory sees very regular use indeed.

There is a flight of stairs leading downwards and, over to the west, the
larger part of the laboratory and a steel door. Holmes stands nearby,
carefully studying everything but saying little.

"The next part of the plan unfolds here, dear boy," says Holmes. "I trust you
are familiar with it? Good. Then let us proceed."

> w
Holmes puts a hand out and says, "Careful, Mr Bigglesworth. Danger is afoot."
He points. "Observe the floor. Observe what is there. Observe-"
   You observe what he points to and see, though barely visible, what appears
to be an uneven flagstone.
   "It's probably just uneven," you say.
   "Ah, but is it?" says Holmes. "Is it really?"

> x flagstone
Peering more closely at the flagstone, you notice something a little odd
about it. Footsteps can clearly be seen to walk around the flagstone itself,
all missing it by a good few feet on all sides and seeming to make a special
effort not to actually touch it.
   "An explosive trap of some kind," says Holmes. "Devious. Very devious."
   "You sound like you admire the idea of it..."
   "Oh, but I do. I do. Why, if only Moriarty had turned his attentions to
the side of fairness and order, what a force he would be. Now..." Holmes
studies the flagstone for several seconds. "I hazard a guess that our safest
bet would be either to jump over the flagstone and hope that none of the
others around it are trapped, or to trigger the trap somehow and thus spare
ourselves any risk."

*** Your score has increased by 1 point! ***

> throw dust onto flagstone
Realising that touching the flagstone with your hand would be an act of
foolishness, you instead throw the dust that you took from the storage room
over the flagstone.
   "Oh, very good idea, Mr Bigglesworth," says Holmes, clapping you on the
back. "Yes, that ought to do the trick."
   The dust lands on the flagstone and... nothing. No explosion. No cloud of
poison gas shoots forth. No reaction at all.
   "Well, not to worry," says Holmes with a frown. "The plan was dashed good
and really ought to have wor-"

B O O M ! ! ! ! !

"Ah," says Holmes, whose voice emanates from somewhere nearby but which is
hidden, currently, by thick billowing smoke. "It seems I was correct, Mr
Bigglesworth. There was an explosive device under the flagstone, after all!"
   When the smoke has cleared, the flagstone is still pretty much as it was
before, but whatever lethal trap was concealed underneath it has (hopefully)
expended itself.
   "We had best move with all speed," says Holmes. "Doubtless the Professor
will have heard that explosion and be making his way here with all haste."

*** Your score has increased by 2 points! ***

> w
Holmes hurries ahead of you to the west.

[MORE]

The Laboratory Of Professor Moriarty {west}

The western part of the laboratory is similar to the eastern part, only the
smell here is slightly less appalling and there is even a slight breeze
blowing under the steel door to the west. A large desk occupies a good deal
of the floor space and on this desk you see several weighty tomes which look,
from a brief glance, to detail subjects as diverse as the Dark Arts and
witchcraft.

Holmes stands nearby, a studious look on his face as he considers something
unknown. Or perhaps he is simply bored.

> read tomes
You peruse the nearest one, which seems to detail the ritual necessary to
summon forth a demon from the darkest dimensions and set it on your worst
enemy.
   "Fanciful stuff," says Holmes with a sigh. "But I suspect it does an
excellent job of keeping Moriarty's more superstitious cronies in line."

"Now," says Holmes, rubbing his hands together in an entirely unsettling
manner, "let's have a look at what's what, shall we?"
   He begins to walk around the desk, studying it from every angle.

> read tomes
The second tome is about the Dark Arts and lists the many and varied ways of
cursing people. Properly used, these curses can make a man forget everything
he knows, be overcome with the desire to rid himself of his clothes and run
about naked (you shield this from Holmes in case the crazy fool gets any
ideas), be convinced he is something he is not (Holmes probably wrote this
one, you think to yourself), or to suffer terrible bouts of flatulence. Nasty
stuff.

"Ah, this is what I was after!" cries Holmes, snatching up something from the
desk and slipping it into his pocket.
   "What was that?" you ask.
   "Hmmm? Oh, nothing. Nothing." Holmes fakes looking at an imaginary
wristwatch. "Oh my, Mr Bigglesworth. We had best be hurrying up our escape
attempt lest the Professor and his minions begin to close in on us."

> read tomes
The third tome… hmmm. This isn't about the Dark Arts or witchcraft or
anything of that unpleasant ilk, but instead appears to be a list of famous
targets around London with Nelson's Column highlighted in ink that looks
suspiciously red to your eyes. (Probably nothing more than dark red ink
really, but you can't get over the idea of Moriarty scribbling down notes in
the blood of his victims.)
   "What have you found there, Mr Bigglesworth?" asks Holmes, and promptly
snatches the tome out of your hands and peruses it. "Hmmm. Interesting. It
seems the nefarious Professor has more cards up his sleeves than a
professional poker player. I shall have to have words with him about this
shortly." The tome disappears into his pockets. "But that will have to wait,
I fear. We need to escape now, my friend, before we are discovered and our
plans thwarted."

*** Your score has increased by 1 point! ***

"We need to get the door open," says Holmes, looking at it as if, by sheer
force of will alone, he can make the door open.
   "It's locked."
   "Locked, my dear Bigglesworth, is not a word in my vocabulary. Why, with
my trusty lockpicks," he begins fumbling around in his pocket, "I can open
any lock in... Oh. Damn."
   "What?"
   "My trusty lockpicks appear to be resting on the small bedside cabinet
near my bed. Bother."

> look under desk
You bend down and peer under the desk. In an area directly beneath the
drawer, you can make out what appears to be a hole.

"Perhaps brute force will suffice," murmurs Holmes, and kicks the door. "No,
that didn't seem to do it."

> poke stick into hole
You poke the stick into the hole, wondering if there is something in there
that you might be able to-
   Ah. It seems there is something in there.
   A rat.
   The vicious little blighter fastens its razor sharp fangs onto the stick
and bites it for dear life. In vain, alas, as while the rat might be a dab
hand at sinking its teeth into fingers and the like, it doesn't make much
headway with the stick. Though, you have to admit, by the time it finally
gives up and runs off somewhere, it's gnawed your stick down to about half
its original size.
   "Bravo," says Holmes with, you can't help but notice, a touch of sarcasm
in his voice. "You certainly showed that vermin what for."
   You decide to ignore his sarcasm and put it down to jealousy at how well
you handled the situation.

*** Your score has increased by 1 point! ***

"I wonder if..." Holmes walks up to the door and presses his head against it.
He remains that way for several moments. Then he sighs. "No, that didn't work
either."

> put hand in hole
A little wary about reaching into the hole (visions of an extra rat lurking
in there with razor-sharp fangs at the ready fill your mind), you
nevertheless grit your teeth and do it. And find something in the hole which,
when pulled out and examined in the (dim) light of the laboratory, proves to
be-
   "Watson's monocle!" cries Holmes, snatching it from you and studying it
closely.
   "I never knew Watson wore a monocle," you say, having observed the pompous
fool for years.
   "He doesn't. But this is his all the same. He keeps it aside his bed and
uses it seldom. But it is here. I wonder…"
   But what Holmes wonders, he wonders in silence and doesn't see fit to
share it with you. The monocle he slips into his pocket.

*** Your score has increased by 1 point! ***

Holmes stares at the door some more. He appears to be searching for
something.

> put hand in hole
You rummage in the hole a second time and find-
   "Watson's favourite cufflink!" Holmes cries, snatching it from you before
you can even take a casual look at it. "Why, it's the one he was wearing the
last time I saw him. Right before this unpleasant little escapade began."
   "But why would Watson's monocle and cufflink be in that hole?"
   "It is a mystery, my dear Bigglesworth. A mystery indeed. When we chance
upon my esteemed friend, we shall have to question him about this and see
what his explanation for it is."
   The cufflink, like the monocle, Holmes slips inside his pocket.

*** Your score has increased by 1 point! ***

Holmes taps his brow, clearly considering something very deeply.

> z
You wait for something more interesting to happen.

"Now that," says Holmes, "is decidedly odd."
   "What's odd?" you ask, but Holmes does not answer. He appears to be lost
in thought.

> z
You wait for something more interesting to happen.

"Eureka!" says Holmes, stepping up to the door and... locking it? Yes,
locking it. At least, he goes through the motions of locking the already
locked door, and when he has finished...
   The door swings open!
   You stare at the door and then at Holmes in something grudgingly
approaching admiration. "But... how did you...?"
   "Elementary, my dear Bigglesworth," says Holmes with a rather pleased look
on his face. "Yes, at elementary school we were introduced to a wide variety
of unusual doors. It was a hobby of the school headmaster, so I believe, and
he would often have his hobby installed around the school to baffle and
confuse not just the students but the members of staff as well. One of his
favourite doors was one that was unlocked but which would appear, to all
intents and purposes, to be locked, and yet every attempt to unlock it would
fail. It was a trick, you see, in that the door was actually unlocked and
thus attempting to unlock it would cause it to really be locked. Thus when
faced with a locked door, the way to open it was to... lock it. Now..."
Holmes gestures to the door. "We had best be leaving with all due haste, Mr
Bigglesworth. I doubt we have much time."

> w
As you and Holmes rush through the steel door, there is a cry from behind of
"Halt!" and you glance back to see none other than Professor Moriarty himself
step into the laboratory. Previously you have always had a soft spot for the
Professor - insane criminal mastermind and mass murderer that he is, he hates
Sherlock Holmes almost as much as you do and so you have been prepared to see
his actions in a more favourable light - but this time, you don't feel quite
so comradely towards him. This is partly due to the way he is carrying a
hunting rifle and partly due to the way said hunting rifle is pointed
directly at your head.
   "Perfect!" says Moriarty, his finger closing on the trigger. "You shout
'halt!' and one of the cretins always halts, even though every last ounce of
common sense is telling them to do the exact opposite. It's just beautiful
the way it works out sometimes-"
   The rest of his words are lost as the hunting rifle fires with a sound
like a cannon and then something hits you hard in the chest and then-

[MORE]

Part 6: The Plot Thickens

In which our hero, now on his own once more, discovers just what is at stake…

-then you awaken.
   The first thing you do is spit the filthy river water from your mouth, the
second is to heave and gag for a while, the third is to groan, the fourth is
to look around yourself and wonder where in the blue blazes you have ended
up.
   Hmmm… from your surroundings, you'd guess you are somewhere on the banks
of the River Thames.

[MORE]

On The Bank Of The Thames

The River Thames stretches east and west for quite some distance. It appears
to be early morning and there is not another soul in sight. The river wends
its way through low hills and grassy fields which do an effective job of
blocking your view of anything you might need to see. The sun shines dully
overhead and does little to improve either your mood or your current
position.

You become aware, a few seconds later, that you have clutched in your hand a
torn note. Everything else you were carrying - except, thankfully, your stuff
- is gone, no doubt lost during your escape from Moriarty's base.
Fortunately, the silver ring is still on your finger.

> read note
The old words that were once on this page have faded badly, so much so that
you can barely make out even one of them. However someone - you're guessing
Holmes - has written new words in their place. His handwriting is appalling,
and the ink has run with the river water, but you're able to make out the
following:

"{illegible} Bigglesworth,

Seems we ran into {illegible} there and no mistake, eh? Dashed bad luck that
ol' Moriarty was such {illegible} with that rifle of his. Why, if I hadn't
managed to pull you into the path of the bullet, there's no telling what
might have {illegible} to me. Unfortunately, you were out cold after that and
so after dragging you bodily from {illegible}, I was unable to rouse you and
so I was {illegible} behind. I trust you understand. At least I made you
comfortable and I trust you will recover your wits shortly. Though no doctor
like {illegible} Watson, I am reasonably confident that you will not
{illegible} from your injuries.

Now, we have little time so I have gone ahead to {illegible}. As per our
plan, you are to meet me at the {illegible} by no later than {illegible} and,
Mr Bigglesworth, please do not forget to bring the {illegible} with you as
the plan will doubtless fail without it and many lives will be lost.

To recap:

1. Meet at the {illegible}.
2. By no later than {illegible}.
3. Bring the {illegible} with you.

I shall see you soon…"

It is signed "H".
   You hold the note up to the light, hoping to perceive what might have been
written where the {illegible} blotches now lie, but no. No luck. Whatever was
written there is well and truly gone.

*** Your score has increased by 1 point! ***

> disrobe
Hoping no one passes by and mistakes your harmless disrobing for a random act
of perversion, you begin to quickly disrobe and-
   Hang on! What's this?
   In the pocket of your jacket is a small book. A guidebook. How odd. You're
sure it wasn't there earlier on and, indeed, the guidebook itself is not one
you have ever laid eyes on before.

*** Your score has increased by 1 point! ***

> read guidebook
You flick open the book and see, not the information you were expecting to
see inside a guidebook, but instead several sheets of paper which have been
loosely threaded inside. The actual contents of the guidebook seem to have
been torn out and disposed of.
   Curious, you settle down on the bank of the Thames to see just what you
have found.

Page 1:
An article torn from a newspaper and detailing a priceless diamond being
transported from Germany to England.

Page 2:
A blueprint of the First National Bank. Goes into remarkable detail,
including access to the Bank from the sewers and several concealed doors not
mentioned in the official blueprints.

Page 3:
Several notes in very poor handwriting, some of it illegible, noting the
strength, movement and general discipline of the security guards at the First
National Bank.

Page 4:
A drawing. It takes you a while to figure out just who the tall, angular
fellow with the pipe carrying the priceless diamond from page 1, but then you
take a longer look at it and it clicks. Holmes. Holmes is carrying the
diamond. Does it therefore follow that Holmes is intending to steal said
diamond?

You sit back and ponder this. Something about the whole situation never added
up, you are forced to admit. Why was Holmes in that room? Why did he not
escape (you, after all, were able to effect entry by simply opening the
door)? Why did he fake madness? Of course, even assuming Holmes' guilt - an
easy thing to do considering you've always assumed he was guilty of something
- you don't understand why he has involved you in these proceedings. A
scapegoat perhaps? Have you come hurrying to the First National Bank to foil
some nefarious plot of Professor Moriarty's (whom Holmes is almost certainly
in cahoots with) and then have you framed for the very crime you are trying
to prevent?
   Whatever the truth of the situation, it is clear you need to get to the
First National as soon as you can and uncover just what it is that madman is
up to.

*** Your score has increased by 1 point! ***

> e
With a direction now firmly in mind, you set off, walking at a slow but
steady pace that does, nevertheless, quickly eat up the miles.
   Along the way, you pause only once. This part of the Thames, it seems
familiar. It…
   Ah! Of course! The map of London on the wall in Scotland Yard! Your
eagle-eye noticed the change on the map and now you notice it relates to the
very area you are in. Curious to see what manner the change really is, you
picture the map in your mind then move towards it.
   "It" turns out to be a small hovel, set back into the trees and hidden
from apparent view. The door is open and you pop your head inside. The hovel
is a hidden police storehouse, though long since abandoned by the look of
things. You doubt anyone has been here in years. A quick search reveals
nothing of any great interest, but you find a handy truncheon lying on a
dusty old table. A solid one, too. While not effective against a man armed
with a pistol, this should give you a serious advantage against anyone else.
With a satisfied grin, you set off again.
   You are not, as it happens, that far away from the centre of London and
before an hour has passed, you find yourself walking through a familiar
street of terraced houses.
   Trafalgar Square, where lies the First National Bank, is just ahead of
you.

*** Your score has increased by 1 point! ***

[MORE]

Trafalgar Square

Nelson's Column, a rather imposing block of stone with Admiral Nelson himself
(or a statue of him at any rate) standing atop it, has always been one of
your favourite London landmarks. Nelson, after all, was a true gentleman and
conducted himself as such; he was not a pretender to the throne of greatness
and would not suffer fools gladly.

Trafalgar Square is spread out around you in all its bustling glory. At this
time of day, it is crowded indeed and eager tourists scurry back and forth in
desperate attempts to cram as many hours of sight-seeing in as is humanely
possible. The Square itself extends in many directions but the only one that
seems relevant to you is away to the north where the First National Bank
lies.

The First National, your destination, lies to the north. You have no idea how
much time you have before Holmes hatches his nefarious plan, but common sense
indicates you hurry.

> n

At The Doors Of The First National

The front façade of the First National, the financial heart of London's
business district, has always struck you as a particularly shabby place. It
isn't impressive, not one bit. It doesn't even look especially rich, or even
well off. It just looks, disappointingly, like a large building that has
received the tender attentions of dedicated building cleaners far too
infrequently.

Fierce looking guards carrying old-fashioned pikes (an affection of the First
National that has always struck you as quite bizarre) stand on either side of
the (currently open) double doors leading inside. A queue of people stand
before them. A long queue. One that does not, as it happens, appear to be
moving. A banner above the doors indicates the day's entertainment.

> hit guard
The idea pops into your mind and your mind, without regard to common sense or
your own wellbeing, takes hold of your fist and sends it careening into the
face of the nearest guard.
   Or tries to anyway. Only the guard, clearly an old hand at complete
strangers trying to punch him in the face, ducks nimbly to one side and then
floors you with one quick sweep of his pike (which, if you were wondering, is
an actual pike and not just a harmless replica).
   "Take him to see Lestrade!" one guard barks as you are hauled to your
feet.
   "Yes, to Lestrade!" cries the other.
   And then, rather than being hauled across half of London to Scotland Yard,
you find yourself being carried into the one place you were trying to get
into anyway. The First National.

[MORE]

Storage Room

Even the First National has storage rooms. And, it does you good to know
this, the First National has storage rooms which look no more interesting
than anywhere else. It might be the very heart of London's financial
district, but it seems even the First National is no better than other
establishments in certain areas.

The storage room is dimly-lit, somewhat musty and entirely empty of anything
that might once have been stored here. Instead it has been converted into a
Scotland Yard base for the police who have erected several tables and chairs
and placed on them all manner of equipment which you wouldn't even like to
guess at the use of. Lestrade is here, not looking particularly happy about
something or other. The only exit is via a door to the north, currently
closed.

Lestrade looks up as you're dragged into the room and the door is slammed
shut.
   "You!" he says. "I remember you from yesterday when you were asking
questions about Holmes. Who I now discover is missing and his residence has
been wrecked. All very suspicious behaviour, Mr Bigglesworth. Or 'Suspect
Number One in the investigation into the disappearance of Sherlock Holmes' as
I've decided to refer to you now. And now I find you beating up people at
random. Care to answer a few questions?"
   You start to explain the situation but Lestrade, clearly a man who prefers
to do things his way, instead begins to bark questions at you: "Did you kill
Sherlock Holmes?"

> no
"Damn. I was kind of hoping for a confession there. Okay, next question: have
you seen or spoken to Holmes today or over the past few days?"

> yes
"I knew it. No doubt during the kidnapping, eh?" Lestrade doesn't give you
chance to respond to that, but instead goes on with: "And what's your
business here today? You one of Moriarty's cronies in his attempt to steal
the One Diamond?"

> no
"I suspected you'd give me such an answer. Well, I don't believe you,
Bigglesworth. I don't believe you at all. I suspect you kidnapped Holmes and
then did away from him when he uncovered your evil plot and then came here
today as part of Moriarty's crew to effect the stealing of the-"
   The door opens and an officer walks in. He hurries over to Lestrade and
whispers something in his ear. Lestrade mutters under his breath then rolls
his eyes.
   "Apparently," he says, and you can tell he begrudges every last word, "you
didn't kill Sherlock Holmes after all. I have received very good information
to the contrary."
   "Information from whom?"
   "Holmes." Lestrade glances over at the officer who delivered the
messenger, clearly not liking to adhere to the old saying of 'don't shoot the
messenger'. "It seems you are working with him, Mr Bigglesworth, and he has
vouched for your morale fibre. He has asked that I extend to you every
courtesy as you are a vital piece of his plan to, and I quote, 'trap a most
nefarious man in an act of utmost devilry'." Lestrade glances at the ceiling
and sighs. "Of course, I'm not obliged to do anything Holmes asks, him not
being an officer of the law, but… but if it gives me a chance at Moriarty,
I'd go down on my hands and knees and kiss his feet." He looks at you and
adds, "Mention one word of that to Holmes and you'll be spending the next
fifty years doing hard labour. Understand?"
   You nod. "Crystal clear."
   "Moriarty is here today to steal a diamond," Lestrade explains. "I
received a tip from an anonymous source which is why I'm here to monitor the
situation. Apparently Holmes is here as well though aside from a conveniently
placed message in the canteen one of my undercover officers is disguised as a
cleaner in, I haven't seen hide nor hair of him. Here." Lestrade tosses you a
badge with a red blob painted on it. "Wear that and don't remove it. I've got
undercover officers throughout the whole bank for the duration of the
exhibition. That'll mark you as one of my men and you'll be able to access
every part of the bank. Go about your business, Mr Bigglesworth, and if you
manage to bag me Moriarty, well… well, I'll be a very happy man indeed."
   Lestrade gestures to the door and one of the officers opens it. You
hesitate, not sure whether to point out that you don't have a clue what
Holmes' plan actually is, and that you also have suspicions about Holmes'
involvement in this whole matter, but clearly arguing with a man who could
have you locked up at a moment's notice isn't a good idea. And, too, if
you're going to find out just what is going on here, you need to be out there
in any event.
   Nodding to Lestrade, you slip the badge on and exit the room.

*** Your score has increased by 1 point! ***

[MORE]

By A Firmly Locked Door

You are at the southern end of a corridor which ends at a rather plain (and
currently locked) wooden door. The surface of the door is dusty and it
appears to be the entrance to a storage room from what you can tell. The
corridor itself extends away to the north.

> n

A Branching Corridor

Three corridors meet here: ones from the east and west and a final one from
the south. At the far end of the southern branch, you can make out a wooden
door, while to the east is a sign indicating 'Art Gallery' and to the west
another sign indicating 'Safe Room'.

> w

Outside The Safe Room

A pair of the most unfriendly-looking guards you have ever seen stand here,
flanking either side of a door referred to, by the sign above it as:

SAFE ROOM

Whether or not the door is locked, you cannot say for certain, but with the
presence of these remarkably unfriendly types standing between you and it,
and not looking likely to simply stand aside and let you enter any time you
feel like it, it's perhaps irrelevant.

> e

A Branching Corridor

Three corridors meet here: ones from the east and west and a final one from
the south. At the far end of the southern branch, you can make out a wooden
door, while to the east is a sign indicating 'Art Gallery' and to the west
another sign indicating 'Safe Room'.

> e

Art Gallery

In all honesty, you never expected to find an art gallery inside a bank, but
then the First National seems more like a museum than any bank you have ever
set eyes on before today. This art gallery, though, is nothing out of the
ordinary as far as art galleries are concerned: the displays are simple and
to the point, the lighting is average at best and the few members of staff
you see about the place seem to be either constantly yawning or constantly
whistling in boredom.

There are three exits from the art gallery: to the northeast, west and
southeast.

> ne

The Tills

Ah! Finally you find yourself in a room that actually looks like it belongs
in a bank: the tills area. Here you see a long row of people that does not
appear to be moving at more than a mere snail's pace, winding back and forth
across the length and breadth of the room, leading to a single till on the
far side where a bored looking clerk is dealing with them. Slowly dealing
with them. Very slowly dealing with them. In fact, if you were to spend the
rest of the day simply standing here and watching, you imagine you would see
the same clerk dealing with the same customer.

Aside from this not particularly enthralling spectacle, the rest of the tills
area is uneventful and the only point of interest for you is the exit to the
southwest.

> x customers
You cast your eye over the queue of people, wondering if perhaps Holmes has
concealed himself in their midst in preparation to launch whatever plan he
has in mind into effect-
   Ah! There!
   That tall, distinguished gentleman with the pipe and the pointy nose-
   A hand claps on your shoulder and you spin on your heel to see none other
than Dr Watson himself standing there, wearing a tweed waistcoat and trousers
(that were probably out of fashion in your grandparents' time) and an anxious
expression.
   "We need to talk," he says, glancing around as if he expects danger to
befall him at any moment. "But not here. Too many people. Too many chances of
being overheard. The art gallery, Bigglesworth. Meet me there."
   Then he turns and ducks into the crowd and, for a man of his girth and
seeming lack of agility, manages to effectively lose himself in a matter of
moments.

*** Your score has increased by 1 point! ***

> sw
As you are turning to leave, someone brushes past you with a snarl and drops
something on the floor.
   "I say," you say, "you've dropped-"
   "You're welcome to it!" snaps the less than cheerful man. "Damn thing's
impossible anyway."
   Frowning, you glance at what he has dropped. It appears to be a crossword.

> get crossword
You take the crossword.

> solve crossword
You think you might be able to get the better of the crossword if you really,
really struggled, but time is pressing. Maybe later when you have time to
spare.
   Still, you feel better for at least trying to solve the blighter.

*** Your score has increased by 1 point! ***

> sw

Art Gallery

In all honesty, you never expected to find an art gallery inside a bank, but
then the First National seems more like a museum than any bank you have ever
set eyes on before today. This art gallery, though, is nothing out of the
ordinary as far as art galleries are concerned: the displays are simple and
to the point, the lighting is average at best and the few members of staff
you see about the place seem to be either constantly yawning or constantly
whistling in boredom.

There are three exits from the art gallery: to the northeast, west and
southeast.

> whistle
You whistle.
   The member of staff who is also whistling whistles the chorus from a
popular music hall classic and you whistle the end piece.
   Afterwards, for some unknown reason, you feel slightly better about
things.

*** Your score has increased by 1 point! ***

> wait
You've been waiting barely ten seconds when Watson, again displaying a
remarkable skill for appearing seemingly out of nowhere, steps up to you and
says, "Greetings again, Bigglesworth. We have much to discuss."
   "You're presuming we have anything to discuss," you tell him, wanting to
make it quite clear that whatever he and Holmes are up to, you're onto them.
   "You came here," says Watson, "so clearly you want to hear what I have to
say." He peers at you closely. "Hmmm… Or are you just fishing in the dark for
answers, eh, Bigglesworth? Holmes always said you were…"
   "Holmes always said what?"
   Watson shrugs. "It doesn't matter now. What matters is… can you be
trusted? Have you found the clues that were left for you and acted on them as
you were intended or do you have your own agenda?"
   "I saved Holmes from a fate worse than death."
   "From Moriarty's base, you mean?" Watson snorts. "That was a ploy to get
inside the base, my man. Holmes let the pair of us be captured so he could
get close to Moriarty's laboratory and have time to discover his plans."
   "Oh, please," you say. "Holmes was babbling like a madman when I found
him. He was in no position to plan anything."
   It's not often people roll their eyes at you. But Watson, the buffoon,
does it now. "And, Mr Bigglesworth," he says in a strained voice, "the moment
he was sure Moriarty was safely out of range, he dropped the madness ploy and
effected the plan. It was elementary really."
   "Elementary?"
   "Yes, elementary school. That's when we first conceived the plan to act
mad in an attempt to lower an enemy's precautions. Worked a treat as well.
Now, to the matter in hand…" Watson peers at you again. It might be simply
your imagination but you get the distinct impression that he doesn't really
like you. "Let's see what you know, Bigglesworth. Let's see how on the ball
you really are. Ask me some questions. I'll let you know what I know once I
see what you know."

*** Your score has increased by 1 point! ***

> ask watson about silver ring
Watson's eyes light up as he catches sight of the silver ring you are
holding. "Ah! My ring!" Without waiting, he snatches it off you and slips it
onto his finger. "Perfect fit! Wasn't sure I'd get this back considering
where I hid it."
   "Why did you hide it in the grill?"
   "Keep it out of reach of Moriarty's cronies, of course. That bunch of
scoundrels would steal a man's gold teeth so my silver ring would be long
gone if I hadn't managed to stash it behind the grill. Though I do wonder
what in the devil made you think to look for it behind there…?"

*** Your score has increased by 1 point! ***

> ask watson about holmes' plan
"Of course Holmes has a plan. Holmes always has a plan. Why, he probably
plans getting out of bed in the morning and brushing his teeth. Indeed, I
imagine he even has a plan for the event of a plan failing. A man full of
plans is our Holmes."
   "But you're not going to tell me anything about this plan?"
   Watson nods. "Indeed. Did you gather that from my rather rambling reply or
are you simply not quite as dim as I originally thought?"

*** Your score has increased by 1 point! ***

> ask watson about one diamond
"Ah, so you're aware the One Diamond is involved? Good. That shows you're not
the total incompetent I had you pegged for, Bigglesworth."
   Complimented and insulted in the same sentence. That takes some doing.

*** Your score has increased by 1 point! ***

> ask watson about moriarty's plan
"Why, it's to steal the One Diamond, of course. Worth a darn fortune from
what I gather, though my own field of expertise doesn't really cover
diamonds. Quite how he plans to get it past the First National's extensive
security system is another matter, though."

*** Your score has increased by 1 point! ***

> ask watson about security
"I've given the security here the once over myself and it's pretty decent.
That's what I was doing in the tills area when I spotted you there: checking
things out and seeing how they work. As far as I can tell, the security here
is top notch. They've got lots of new-fangled technology in place that
doesn't mean a whole lot to an old duffer like me, but I can tell it's enough
to deter most criminals."
   "But not Moriarty?"
   "No, not Moriarty. But then, Moriarty isn't like most criminals. He
doesn't see a top notch security system as a deterrent. He sees it as a
challenge. Damn, but he'd probably break into the place just to see if he
could beat the system. He's like that."

*** Your score has increased by 1 point! ***

> ask watson about moriarty's plan
"I don't understand Moriarty's plan, but knowing him it'll be something
grand. Something dramatic. He could probably just waltz in and swipe the One
Diamond and walk out with it in his pocket, but that's not his style. It just
doesn't set the right impression. So no, he'll have something dramatic
planned alright. Maybe…" Watson frowns. "Maybe during the Ceremony…"

*** Your score has increased by 1 point! ***

> ask watson about ceremony
"Yes, the director of the First National is planning a special Ceremony later
on for unveiling the One Diamond. He's even had banners designed for it and
had the staff dress up in fancy gear to 'put them in the right frame of
mind'. It's going to take place that way-" Watson gestures to the southeast,
towards the balcony "-later today. In fact, very soon I think. I wonder…"
   "You suspect Moriarty will use the Ceremony as a distraction for stealing
the One Diamond?"
   "Maybe… I'm not sure. The thing is, the Ceremony is about the One Diamond.
It'll be in plain view of every single person here. You can hardly just walk
up and steal it with everyone watching, but… but it's got Moriarty's style
written all over it. It's just the sort of thing he'd do."

*** Your score has increased by 1 point! ***

> ask watson about ceremony
"It must be taking place at the Ceremony, Bigglesworth. I know it. I'm sure
of it. Here. Take this." Watson pushes a whistle into your hand. "I need to
head back to the tills and keep an eye on things there. You head to where the
Ceremony is taking place and at the first sign of trouble, blow that thing as
hard as you can."
   "And where is Holmes?" you ask as Watson starts to move away.
   Watson hesitates, and for a long moment you suspect he isn't going to
answer at all, but then he sighs and says, "He's around here somewhere. Don't
worry about Holmes, Mr Bigglesworth. Just do what you need to do with that
whistle and I'll come running the moment I hear it."
   Watson ducks away before you can ask him anything else, no doubt heading
back to the tills area.

*** Your score has increased by 1 point! ***

> se

A Short Corridor

East of this corridor, whose walls are lined with paintings of the previous
directors of the First National, is a balcony overlooking an open area. To
the south are a large pair of double doors, closed, with the vague outlines
of a couple of beefy guards on the far side. The corridor itself winds away
to the northwest.

> e

Balcony

Down below the balcony you are standing on is an open area, in the centre of
which you see a large glass case. Displayed within, and mounted on its own
little pedestal, is a diamond large enough to make you, usually disinterested
in such things, go a little weak at knees. Armed guards stand at each side of
the display case and you suspect there are several others, probably in plain
clothes, amidst the huge crowd of people currently gathered in the room. Of
either Holmes or Moriarty, or that bumbling fool Watson, you can see no sign.

A staircase descends to one side of the balcony into the main area of the
room while there is a corridor leading away to the west.

> d

Display Area

Pride of place in the display area is given over to a large display case in
which can presently be seen the One Diamond. Without a doubt, this is the
largest diamond you have ever laid eyes upon and, even for someone not
generally impressed by jewels, this one is certainly impressive. The display
case itself is sturdily built, not exactly easy on the eyes and clearly
intended for security over vanity. Several guards, hulking fellows with meaty
fists and meatier faces, stand around it looking for all the world like
they'd appreciate someone just trying to steal the diamond so they could have
an opportunity to pound them into mush. The rest of the room is made up of
tourists milling around in eager anticipation.

Of exits, you see three: a corridor to the east, an archway to the southwest
and a flight of steps leading up to a balcony.

The moment you reach the floor of the display area, a voice, augmented via
means of a microphone, booms: "LADIES AND GENTLEMEN! WELCOME TO THE FIRST
NATIONAL! I AM MARCEL SHAFFER AND I WILL BE YOUR HOST FOR THE EVENING'S
ENTERTAINMENT!"
   Evening's entertainment, you wonder. At a bank?
   "YES, LADIES AND GENTLEMEN, FOR TONIGHT, AND TONIGHT ONLY, I GIVE YOU… THE
ONE DIAMOND!"
   The room's lights dim and a spotlight shines from above, illuminating… a
bare patch of floor.
   "Er… over to one side a bit, lads!" the same voice, though noticeably
quieter, hisses from somewhere overhead.
   The light moves… and now illuminates the display case containing the One
Diamond.
   "THE ONE DIAMOND! DIRECT TO THE FIRST NATIONAL BANK OF LONDON FROM DARKEST
GERMANY! IT SHALL BE DISPLAYED HERE FOR ONLY ONE NIGHT AND THEN RETURNED TO
BERLIN! SO STEP CLOSE, LADIES AND GENTLEMEN! STUDY THE ONE DIAMOND IN ALL ITS
MAGNIFICENT GLORY! THIS IS, AFTER ALL, A ONCE IN A LIFETIME OCCURRENCE!"
   Everyone in the room, including the security guards, begin to crown around
the display case.

> z
You wait for something more interesting to happen.

"ISN'T IT JUST A SIGHT FOR SORE EYES, LADIES AND GENTLEMEN? ISN'T IT THE
CROWNING GLORY OF YOUR DAYS ON EARTH?" The speaker laughs harshly. Something
maniacally, you think, for someone giving an otherwise cheery speech. "OR IT
WOULD BE… IF THIS WASN'T YOUR FINAL DAY ON EARTH." The booming voice stops
booming. The tone changes. It becomes something oh so familiar. "Oh yes,
ladies and gentlemen," says Professor Moriarty. "Crowd around the display
case… even as the poisonous gas pours from the vents in its base. Crowd
around… and be vanquished like the ants you truly are."
   There is a sudden gasp from the crowd as one man stumbles back, clutching
at his throat, before pitching headfirst onto the floor. A woman trips over
him and fails to rise. A security guard, rushing to their aid, sinks slowly
to his knees and then collapses onto his side, unconscious before he even
hits the floor. Panic ensues as people, already poisoned, fight frantically
to get away from the case.
   Fortunately you are perhaps the individual furthest away from the display
case at the time the gas was released and this has bought you precious
seconds, but even so you can feel its effects starting: your eyes are heavy,
your knees shake, you have to fight off an inexplicable desire to lie down on
the floor and just sleep…

> blow whistle
It's hard keeping a head clear enough to pull out the whistle, put it to your
lips and blow for all you're worth… but you manage it. Your eyes are
watering, your legs are knocking together, and your nose feels like it's
expanding to three times its normal size… but you manage it.

T o o t ! ! !

   Then the gas overwhelms you and you sink to the floor and know nothing
more…

[MORE]

Until, what seems like hours later, someone is shaking you briskly and you
open your eyes in time to save yourself from a fate most horrible: Watson
about to give you the Kiss of Life!
   After hastily assuring him that you don't need that kind of treatment, he
helps you to your feet. You are further to one side of the display area than
when you collapsed - "I managed to drag you here," says Watson, who, you
note, has what appears to be a gas mask around his neck, "but unfortunately
you'd already inhaled enough of the gas to render you unconscious" - and, you
notice uneasily, the display case which contained the One Diamond is empty. A
dozen or more people are collapsed in a heap around the empty case and
several dozen others have collapsed close by.
   "Are they…?"
   Watson shakes his head. "Sleeping. Just unconscious. We can be thankful at
least that Moriarty is a cheapskate as far as the gas is concerned - poison
gas costs at least another pound a litre than sleeping gas - so there won't
be any casualties."
   Considering you breathed in a good deal of the gas yourself, you find this
immeasurably reassuring. "And now…?"
   "Now we need to catch Moriarty."
   "And Holmes…?"
   Watson hesitates. "He's around here. Somewhere. I know what he wants us to
do, Bigglesworth. Just follow me and we'll be fine."
   He hurries off to the east.

*** Your score has increased by 2 points! ***

[MORE]

Part 8: The Chase

In which our hero and Dr Watson find themselves in hot pursuit of Professor
Moriarty...

Display Area

Pride of place in the display area is given over to a large display case
which is currently wide open and empty of anything resembling the One
Diamond. Several guards and more than several tourists are lying in a heap
around the display case, victims of the powerful sleeping gas emitted from
the case very recently and which even now permeates the air in here to a
worrying degree.

Of exits, you see three: a corridor to the east, an archway to the southwest
and a flight of steps leading up to a balcony.

> e

Dead End

Watson stands just before at the very end of this corridor. There is a door
here but it is locked and bolted and appears to have been in this condition
for quite some time. A good ten feet above you is a hole that has been
recently hacked into the ceiling and is just large enough for a grown man to
wriggle through. A heavy bookcase leans against the wall in a very
inconspicuous way.

"Door's locked," says Watson, "so I'm guessing the blighter went up there."
He points to the hole in the ceiling. "But if he used a ladder, he must have
pulled it up after him 'cos I sure don't see one lying around."

> look behind bookcase
Hoping for a hidden exit, you peer behind the bookcase and instead find...
   "A bag of loot!" exclaims Watson. "What the devil is that doing there?"
   He fishes it out and you inspect it together. It is, indeed, a bag of
loot.
   "I'm guessing one of Moriarty's cronies had it but had to abandon it when
they went through that hole," Watson says. "Here, you hold it, Bigglesworth.
I need to keep my hands free for when we catch the bounder. At least we've
found this so that swine hasn't gotten away with everything. We should be
grateful for that at least."
   He hands you the bag of loot.

*** Your score has increased by 1 point! ***

> x door
The locks and bolts are huge and ungainly. Remarkably so. You don't think
you've ever seen quite such an array of locks and bolts in your life. What
ever can be behind this door that requires such an array to keep people out…?

> climb door
Acting on a hunch, you begin to climb the door.
   "Bigglesworth!" says Watson. "What in the world-"
   But his confusion soon turns to delight as the locks and bolts provide a
handy system of hand- and footholds and you are able to climb the door as
easily as a ladder.
   Once you are safely at the top and through the hole, Watson follows you.

*** Your score has increased by 1 point! ***

[MORE]

Crawl Space

You are uncomfortably close to Watson in a crawl space clearly not designed
for two grown men to be in. A hole in the bottom, recently hacked by the look
of things, offers one way out but as you've just come that way, you're only
interested in the other directions… of which there are eight in total. Every
possible compass direction is covered, though each one looks equally
unwelcoming.

"Any ideas, Bigglesworth?" says Watson, peering along one passage after
another. "Blighter could have gone any way and if we pick the wrong one,
we'll never find him."
   "We could split up and try two ways at a time…"
   "No. That still leaves six routes we can't cover. It's a one in four
chance we'd be right. Not good enough odds, my friend. We need to be certain
of heading in the right direction before we choose."

> u
Up. Of course. You didn't notice it at first but the crawl space extends
upwards as well.
   "Damnation!" cries Watson, clapping his hands together. "I never even
realised that. What ever made you think to try that way…?"
   "Elementary, my dear Watson," you say, mimicking Holmes without even
noticing. "At elementary school, we had a crawl space above the science lab
that went upwards as well as in the normal compass directions…"
   The two of you make your way up the crawl space as best you can and find.

*** Your score has increased by 1 point! ***

[MORE]

Upper Crawl Space

The upper region of the crawl space ends at a sturdy metal grill set across
the passage and preventing access for yourself and Watson to the dimly-lit
room beyond. Dust is caked across the grill but absent in certain places,
indicating that someone came here only too recently.

"Locked," says Watson, rattling the grill in an attempt to open it. "Damn
that Moriarty! He must have left it open, crawled through and locked it once
he was on the other side. A genius plan and no mistake."

> close grill
Of course!
   The grill bears a striking similarity to the door you saw Holmes deal with
in Moriarty's laboratory, the door that seemed, to all intents and purposes,
to be locked yet in fact was open. Thus attempts to open it would actually
lock it, whereas attempts to close it…
   The grill springs open!
   "Marvellous, Bigglesworth!" cries Watson, clapping you on the back. "But
how did you…?"
   You merely give him a satisfied smile then hurry through the now open
grill into the room beyond.

*** Your score has increased by 2 points! ***

[MORE]

A Rather Ordinary Little Room

The location of your encounter with the notorious Professor Moriarty could
not be more ordinary than this: a simple little room, almost empty and devoid
of description. You can see a chair on the far side, in which is seated a
very tied up Sherlock Holmes; to one side of him, pointing a pistol at his
head, is Moriarty. There is a door behind Moriarty, open, but as reaching it
would necessitate bypassing a criminal mastermind currently armed with a
pistol, it's not really something you consider a possible exit. The only
genuine exit is the one you entered the room by: the open grill to the west.

Watson, forehead furrowed with worry and anxiety and hands opening and
clenching into fists, stands at your side.

"Ah," says a voice, "it seems you've found me after all."

[MORE]

Your attention is drawn to a most unfortunate scene: Professor Moriarty,
clutching a pistol, stands on the far side of the room. At his side, seated
in a chair and thoroughly tied up, is Sherlock Holmes. There is an open door
behind Moriarty, on the east side of the room, but the professor seems in no
real hurry to escape through it.
   "I was tempted to keep leading you on a merry chase, Watson," says
Moriarty, "but it appears you've rather improved at overcoming my little
obstacles."
   Watson glances at you and nods, but says nothing.
   "So let us end this here and now," Moriarty goes on. "I have the One
Diamond," he pats his pocket, "and I have a gun pointed at the head of this
babbling idiot-"
   "Bubble!" cries Holmes.
   "-so what I propose is this: you two simply retreat back through the
grill, sit down and count to 100, and then you can emerge. Agreeable?"
   "Babble!" cries Holmes, and blows a raspberry at Moriarty.
   "Disagree, and I shoot Holmes here and now and end this charade you have
been perpetrating all these years."
   "Charade?" you ask Watson, eyebrow raised.
   Watson hushes you. "Not now, Bigglesworth. Not now."
   "You have to the count of five to decide," says Moriarty, pistol still
pointed firmly at Holmes' head (Holmes now blowing bubbles and giggling),
"and then BANG. No more Sherlock Holmes. And your career goes down the toilet
as well, Watson. Decide."

> throw truncheon at moriarty
There's no way you could reach Moriarty in time to stop him shooting Holmes,
so the only thing you can do is… throw the truncheon!
   It's not ideally suited for throwing, and you're hardly the sort of fellow
who practices throwing truncheons across wide rooms at gun-toting criminal
masterminds, but clearly whichever God it is that looks out for great
detectives is looking out for you today because the truncheon flies straight
and true, hits Moriarty clean between the eyes, and knocks him staggering
back.
   "Damnation!" he cries, momentarily clutching his hands to his head and
dropping the pistol. "Ouch! That… hurt..."
   He stoops to pick up the pistol before either you or Watson can close in
on him, but clearly has forgotten about Holmes. Previously sitting in the
chair and seeming content to merely "babble!" and "bubble!" and occasionally
pull faces, Holmes now spins around in the chair, says, "Oh, Morairty?" and
kicks said Moriarty in a place which pretty much guarantees that while
Moriarty himself might come after Holmes again, his children won't.
Moriarty's eyes cross, his face goes red, he emits a sound which is probably
meant to be a scream of agony but which his stressed vocal chords interpret
as "ggghghggjgjkkkk!" and then collapses face first onto the floor.
   Several seconds of deathly silence descend on the room.
   Followed by Watson rushing up to untie Holmes and say, "Dashed good
recovery there, old boy. You found your pills, after all?"
   And Holmes staring back at Watson, giggling once, then saying, "Babble?"
   Watson sighs. Then he looks up at you and says, "I think you need to be
told a few things."

*** Your score has increased by 5 points! ***

[MORE]

Epilogue: The Awful Truth

In which our hero discovers that he was right all along.

And also very, very wrong.

Sherlock Holmes, the greatest detective of his age, or, indeed, any age, sits
in the middle of a large room with padded walls. He appears quite calm and
totally sane. Aside from the fact that he has a pair of underpants on his
head, is cradling a stick in his arms that he refers to as 'baby' and from
time to time he will shout "bubble!" or "babble!" or even "bumble!"
   "How long has he been like this?" you ask Watson, peering through the one
way mirror at the unfortunate fellow currently hidden away beneath his
residence at 10 Baker Street.
   "How long?" Watson sighs long and hard. "He's always been like this,
Bigglesworth."
   Watson tells you how he and Holmes were room mates at boarding school.
There he noticed two things about Holmes: one, that he was a remarkable
genius of almost godlike intellect; two, that he was stark raving insane.
   "He could take medication to control the worst of his symptoms," says
Watson, indicating Holmes now as an example of just how bad the symptoms
could be, "but he often forgot to take them. There was a time when he climbed
on top of the school and tried to throw himself off, convinced that he was
really a parrot called Blueboy Marigold who knew how to fly. He was stopped
at the last moment and I managed to cover up the whole incident as boyhood
exuberance gone a bit too far."
   From there, Holmes went from bad to worse. In despair, Watson, himself
having dealt with the mentally ill before, prescribed him stronger and
stronger medication. And, in doing so, managed to make something of a
breakthrough.
   "Properly sedated, Holmes functions as a man at the top of his game," says
Watson. "Give him the bare pieces of evidence from a crime scene and he will
sit and stare at them for countless hours, and then tell you everything you
need to do to solve the crime. He can even, on good days, when he is not
prone to uncontrollable outbursts of 'burble' and 'babble' give the
impression of being totally in control. He's had Lestrade fooled for years."
   "And everyone else as well," you say.
   "But not you, Bigglesworth." Watson looks at you and says nothing for
several moments. "Not you. No, you reckoned it all out, didn't you? That's
why I decided to bring you on board."
   You say nothing, not wanting Watson to realise you didn't reason it out at
all, but rather just went to Holmes' residence looking for proof that he was
some kind of criminal. What you found out was the last thing you expected.
   "It was lucky you came to the residence when you did," Watson goes on,
turning back to look at Holmes. "Moriarty's goons got the drop on us and I
barely had time to leave any evidence lying conveniently around to clue you
into where we were being taken. I gave Holmes a note to give to you
explaining it all, but I think he ate it." Watson sighs. "He can follow
simple instructions when he's properly medicated. It's just when everything
is coming together, and tempers are stressed, he sometimes… loses the plot. I
managed to leave him little clues hinting what he is supposed to do next -
you probably found some of them around Moriarty's base - but I never know at
the time just whether he's going to be lucid enough to know to look for them,
or even if he'll know what to do when he finds them-"
   "Is the Napoleon of crime apprehended, Watson?" asks Holmes suddenly,
tapping on the glass from the other side. "Pray tell me it is so."
   "It's true, dear boy," says Watson.
   "Excellent news, Watson. Excellent indeed. And more…" Holmes' eyes lose
their clarity and he goes chasing off around the room after something neither
you nor Watson can see.
   Watson sighs again. "You see? One moment, perfect clarity. The next… I
need your help, Bigglesworth."
   You blink. You expected a lot of things after being invited here today,
but not this. "My help?"
   "Keeping the illusion intact that Holmes is a brilliant detective is more
than a job for one man. Several times during this little escapade things
could have gone hideously wrong and left us all dead if you hadn't had the
foresight to pull us through. I'm not even going to pretend I understand how
you figured so much of it out, but if you could do that, you could certainly
help maintain the illusion. And it's an illusion that needs to be maintained,
Bigglesworth."
   You don't ask why. You suspect Watson will tell you anyway.
   "It needs to be maintained precisely because the name Sherlock Holmes
strikes mortal fear into the hearts and minds of every criminal in this city.
They hear rumours that the great Sherlock Holmes might be assigned to their
case and they decide against stealing anything in the first place. The very
idea that someone likes Holmes will be after them makes a good few criminals
swear off a life of crime and become decent citizens. If the truth were to be
found out…"
   "You'd have a dozen more Moriarty's every day."
   "Precisely. Moriarty himself is bad enough, but he's one of the few that
dare to commit crimes anywhere near London. If it became known that Holmes
didn't really have the mental capacity to tie his own shoelaces, well…
there's no telling what might happen. We'd probably have London itself stolen
from under our feet while we were sleeping. That's why I need you,
Bigglesworth." Watson looks back to you. "I need you to help me maintain the
illusion that Sherlock Holmes is the greatest detective of his age. I need
you to help me keep London safe. Ognacio Bigglesworth, I need someone of your
skill and expertise. What do you say?"
   Put like that, what else can you say but…

[MORE]

Victory

It seems you've managed to finish the game. Well done. Well done indeed. You
did this with a score of 101 out of a maximum possible of 100.
Congratulations are in order, Mr Bigglesworth. Truly you are the great
detective you always believed yourself to be.

Did you achieve the best score of 100? If so, give yourself a resounding
round of applause at a job well done. If not, well, you got here in one piece
and that's a remarkable achievement in its own right. Consider yourself
proud. Of course, if you're eager to see that full score of 100, feel free to
try again. You might want to check out the walkthrough for the game
(available via the W BRIEF or W LONG commands) or a list of all the tasks in
the game that award points (S POINTS). If you're interested in the password
for the game so you can take a look in the Generator and see how it was all
put together, it's DETECTIVE.

Thanks for playing and I hope you enjoyed it.

> quit
Do you really want to quit? [Y/N]
