Loading game...

Witness: Demon vs. Vampire
by Robert Street

Suddenly you awaken.

It takes a few moments for your eyesight to stop blurring, but you soon wish
you hadn't been able to focus. A horrific face of a demon is peering down at
you. When it notices your realisation, it smiles (so many pointy teeth) and
moves away. You notice another figure beside it.

The demon says, "Welcome back to life. I am the Demon of the North and this
is the dreaded vampire Stain. We wish to fight over this territory and you
will be the judge of this contest."

As they stare at you, you nod your head. You do not want them angry right
now. The two begin fighting as you watch. You hope there is some way to
escape this.

(Press a key)

Inside of the church
You wish you could remember something of your former life. You are inside
what appears to be a church. The exit to the church is to the south and there
is also a small room to the east.

The demon and vampire are fighting.

> east
You move east.

The small library
You are in a small library. There are bookshelves covering the walls on
various holy matters and philosophies. This could be interesting if a demon
and a vampire were not fighting outside and you had some time. There is also
a desk situated in the room. The exit is to the west.

There is a dead body of a young man in here, who is wearing similar robes to
you.

> open drawer
You open the drawer.  A box of matches is inside the drawer.

> get matches
You take the box of matches from the drawer.

> open cache
You open the cache.  A red bottle and two blue bottles are inside the cache.

> get red bottle
You take the red bottle from the cache.

> get blue bottles
You take two blue bottles from the cache.

> x green book
You take the only green book from the bookshelves. As the book is moved, you
hear a noise and a cache in the floor opens up.

> draw pentagram with oil
You draw a pentagram using the oil at the entrance to the room. You can walk
through it, but a demon will be trapped.

> west
You move west.

Inside of the church
You wish you could remember something of your former life. You are inside
what appears to be a church. The exit to the church is to the south and there
is also a small room to the east.

The demon and vampire are fighting.

> throw blue bottles at vampire
You throw the bottle of water at the vampire. It hits him and splashes all
over his body. The vampire glances down and says, "Holy water won't harm me,
whilst I have this amulet on."

The demon glares at you and says, "Interfere again and I'll kill you."

It then walks over to the vampire and in a sudden motion rips off the amulet
and crushes it in its hands. The vampire is surprised and the demon says, "No
unfair advantages. This should just be a contest of our strengths."

> throw blue bottle at vampire
You throw the remaining blue bottle at the vampire. The holy water again
splashes all over him. Suddenly he begins to burn and soon only ashes are
left amongst the water.

The demon is furious and glares in your direction. You do not have much time
now.

> east
You run into the small room. The demon follows and is trapped in the
pentagram, as it enters the room. It snarls at you, as it asks, "What are you
going to do now. You cannot get out of here, unless you come closer."

The small library
You are in a small library. There are bookshelves covering the walls on
various holy matters and philosophies. This could be interesting if a demon
and a vampire were not fighting outside and you had some time. There is also
a desk situated in the room. The exit is to the west.

There is a dead body of a young man in here, who is wearing similar robes to
you.

The demon is trapped in the pentagram.

> light match
You light the match and throw it on the oil of the pentagram. The pentagram
immediately comes alight and sends the demon trapped inside back to wherever
it originally came from.

You have saved your church from the horrors of the two monsters fighting over
it. More of your memory begins to come back, as this seems familiar to you.
It appears as if your service to the Hidden God is not finished yet, with
monsters like these around. Even as a monster now yourself, you will continue
to serve, like you have today.
