Loading game...

Wolves At The Door

There are wolves at the door!

You'd just got home to your log cabin with a heavy load of wood weighing you
down when you heard the beasts lapping around outside. Their vicious claws,
their razor-sharp fangs, their evil eyes. Wolves. Hungry wolves, too.

And, unfortunately for you, you're the only bit of edible food for miles
around.

Wolves  At  The  Door

A game by David Whyld featuring
one man, several wolves and lots of
totally unnecessary violence and bloodshed.

Written with ADRIFT Version 4, Release 51.
Started and completed in April 2008.

Playing the game for the first time? Be sure to type ABOUT.

The latest version of this game can always be found at:

http://www.shadowvault.net/wolves.htm

Your Cabin

The main (for main read only) room of your cabin is a fairly spacious affair
which you, in your own special way, have nevertheless managed to make very
cramped. The couch in the centre is entirely too large and is also far too
close to the roaring log fire set into the cabin's only chimney, leaving you
with overly warm legs when you sit down to watch the TV set on the bookcase
in the corner. There is a window on one wall, the east one if you must know,
overlooking a snowy field in which several unpleasantly large wolves are
currently prowling. To one side of the window is the cabin's only door,
situated to the northeast of where you currently are. Your coat stand is next
to it.

There is a small area built into the north wall, not far from your desk,
where you prepare meals, though with the constant power blackouts up here in
the mountains, most of your meals are eaten cold as soon as they're taken
from the pantry. Then you have your telephone, sitting on its own little
pedestal by the toilet (yes, in the same room as everything else) which is
within stepping distance of the bed. There is no bath so bathing times tend
to be whenever it happens to rain. Which isn't often.

> x small area
This comprises nothing more fancy than a simple board on which you prepare
your meals. This is, in effect, your 'kitchen'. A fridge isn't needed when
you live in a perpetually icy climate so anything that needs to be frozen is
kept outside. Built into one side of the area is a grill to cook food on
during those rare occasions when the electricity is working. Off to one side
of this is your poorly-stocked pantry.  On the small area is a bottle of
water, a sandwich and a dishrag.

> get bottle of water
You take the bottle of water from the small area.

> extinguish fire
The water puts out the flames in one go and a cloud of smoke shoots up, half
choking you. When you can see again, and breathe again, you can see that the
fire has gone out.

> x fire
Clearly you were mistaken as the 'roaring log fire' is actually the
'smouldering log fire'. There is a lot of smoke here but precious little in
the way of an actual fire set at the bottle of the chimney.
   However, now that the flames have died down, you can see what looks to be
a wedge lying at the back of the fire.

> get wedge
You retrieve the wedge from the back of the fire. It's a little warm to the
touch but you just mutter "ohmygodthathurtsaghggghghghgh!!!!!!!" until the
pain fades away.

> wedge door
Knowing that the best way to slow the wolves down is to place the wedge under
the door, you do just that. It's not an especially sturdy wedge and certainly
won't keep the wolves at bay for long, but hopefully it should buy you some
time.

> draw curtain
You draw the curtain over the window. This is unlikely to convince the wolves
outside that you have left, but it might give them pause for thought as they
can no longer see you.

> look behind bookcase
Peering behind the bookcase, you see... a knife.
   Frowning, you pick it up. Yep, it's your old knife, the one you thought
you'd lost months back. Unfortunately, all the time it's spent behind your
bookcase hasn't done it any favours as it's pretty blunt now.

> x pantry
It makes sense when you live isolated in the mountains, miles and miles away
from anyone else, to have a well-stocked pantry. The sort of pantry that you
could, if the circumstances warranted it, survive off for a long, long time.
   Shame then that your pantry doesn't have any actual food in it.  There is
a polished stone inside the pantry.

> get stone
You take the polished stone from the pantry.

> sharpen knife
You sharpen the knife to gleaming sharpeness with the stone.

> cut blankets with knife
The blankets are tough, but your knife is sharper and you cut through them
quickly. You aren't really sure what you're cutting when you start but when
you finish 8 seconds later (you learn to cut fast up in the mountains), you
see you have fashioned for yourself a thick but comfortable jacket.

> wear jacket
You put on the jacket.

> look under pillow
Inching the pillow to one side, you find... a single sleeping pill. Ah, this
must have got dropped here by accident a while back as you can't remember the
last time you had one.
   You take it with you all the same.

> eat sleeping pill
You expect to fall to sleep the moment you take the sleeping pill, but
instead you feel your nerves calming down. The sleeping pill might ordinarily
be enough to send you to the Land of Nod for a good eight hours, but with
your heightened sense of nerves due to the wolves outside, it's only enough
now to calm you down.

> fix toilet
With your nerves soothed by the sleeping pill, you calmly set about fixing
the chain on the toilet. It's not a difficult job and you're finished in less
than a minute.

> flush toilet
You tug the chain and the sound of a battleship firing its guns roars through
the cabin, the cabin shakes and, outside, you hear the wolves retreating!
   Excitedly, you rush to the window and peer out. Have the wolves left? Have
they decided that a man in a cabin also containing a loud toilet is too much
for them? Have they-
   No, they're coming back. Once the initial shock had died down, they seem
to have realised that the toilet, while loud, can't hurt them. Still, it's
bought you a few extra seconds to plan your escape.

> lock door
You lock the door, hopefully buying you a little time.

> z
Time passes...

> z
Time passes...

> z
Time passes...

> z
Time passes...

> z
Time passes...

> z
Time passes...

> z
Time passes...

> z
Time passes...

There is a horrifying growl and the door bursts open! Into your cabin rush
the wolves! They surround you! They begin to close in!

[MORE]

Fortunately the first of the wolves is unable to get a decent grip on you due
to the thick jacket of blankets you're wearing; after gnawing unconvincingly
on your arm for a few seconds, it hisses and backs away. But the others?
   They close in on you...

[MORE]

BANG!
   No, that wasn't the gunshot of someone coming to rescue you. It was-
   No, wait! It was the gunshot of someone coming to rescue you!
   As you watch in disbelief, a rugged group of wolf hunters burst in through
the shattered door and lay into the wolves. It's a vicious battle fought in
close quarters and the outcome is in doubt until the very last moment when
the leader of the wolf hunters smashes open the head of the largest wolf with
a bayonet.
   Silence descends on the cabin, punctuated by nothing more than the
exhausted breathing of you and the hunters.
   "Thank you," you say to the hunters. "Thank you for rescuing me!"
   One of the hunters frowns and looks at the leader, who, you notice, still
has his bayonet drawn.
   "Rescue?" he asks.

[MORE]

Your funeral is a sombre affair. Your ex has affairs with the minister, one
of the pallbearers and the old bloke who digs the grave in order to help her
get over the shock of your death. In an act of unusual kindness on her part,
she even buys a wreath to lay on your grave, though the inscription - "About
damn time" - is perhaps a little unfortunate.
   "And so we are gathered here today," begins the minister, "to lay into the
ground the body of our dearly beloved Winston Grimes-"
   "His name ain't Winston!" someone informs the minister.
   "It isn't?"
   "No."
   "Oh, then I'm in the wrong church," says the minister and he, and the rest
of the congregation, promptly depart.

[MORE]

Unfortunate, really, that you survived an attack by a vicious group of wolves
only to fall prey to an even more vicious group of wolf hunters who also did
a sideline in human scalps. But your last thought - apart from "No, not the
scalp!" anyway - was that at least you had cheated the vicious hate-filled
wolves out of their dinner.

[MORE]

And on that somewhat sombre note, Wolves At The Door is concluded. If you're
reading this, you've either solved the game and all its puzzles (well done to
you!), found yourself a walkthrough from somewhere or, perhaps, you're just
especially good at hacking into ADRIFT. Whatever the truth of the matter, I
hope you enjoyed the game and thanks for playing.

Any updates to the game - bug fixes and the like - will be posted at:

http://www.shadowvault.net/wolves.htm

> quit
That's a bit difficult when you're dead.

> y
That's a bit difficult when you're dead.

>
