Loading game...

The World According To CBN

The World According To CBN

[a modern day horror]

An ADRIFT game written by David Whyld
[dwhyld@gmail.com]

The latest version of this game can be founded at
www.shadowvault.net/worldofcbn.htm

Clueless Bob Newbie dreamed.

He dreamed often and he liked dreaming because in his dreams, he was usually
portrayed as a God-like figure ruling over a world in which his text
adventures were rightly regarded as masterpieces of the highest degree. It
made a stark contrast to the real world where, for reasons that he could
never quite fathom, his perfect games were sneered at by all and sundry.
Jealousy, he assumed, was the motivating force, and while he could readily
accept that (it was only to be expected, after all, that people would be
jealous of his genius), it still frustrated him when his latest epic - say
Fartin': The Musical or A Day On The Toilet - was given such a shoddy
reception. Did people think he spent forty-five minutes working hard on a
game only to have them dismiss it as tripe?

It was as shocking as it was hurtful.

[MORE]

But in his dreams…

He dreamed of a world where every reviewer heaped praise upon his games;
where there were temples dedicated to his finest moments; where competitions
in which he entered were considered such a foregone conclusion that he would
win that the only people entering them were called Bob. A world where people
worshipped him.

It was, indeed, a good dream…

[MORE]

Class
The classroom is packed to capacity with eager students. So packed, in fact,
that there aren't enough seats for them all and some are required to sit on
the floor or lean against the wall. Of the teacher there is no sign and yet,
strangely, the other students are well behaved and polite towards each other
as they discuss the latest masterpiece from Mr Newbie. You're sat at your
little desk in the corner of the room, pen in hand, waiting for the arrival
of the teacher.

> z
Time passes...

> z
Time passes...

Today has been a strange day. You woke this morning with a weird, and
somewhat blasphemous, thought: Mr Newbie's games aren't really all that good.

Of course, you didn't let on to anyone that you had had that thought as not
only was it weird and blasphemous, it's worth a death sentence if any of the
Clueless Enforcers ever find out about it.

> z
Time passes...

But the thought stayed with you as you ate your breakfast. Your father read
the newspaper at the table and there was an article on the front page about
Mr Newbie and his vow to write a game a day for the entirety of next year.
Apparently the local mayor has declared next Monday a Clueless Bank Holiday
in Mr Newbie's honour. There was a picture of Mr Newbie himself being
worshipped by the Pope as he delivered a new game entitled: "Satan Suks!".

Something about it all just struck you as… wrong.

> z
Time passes...

It isn't the first time you've ever had the thought that maybe, just maybe,
Mr Newbie isn't quite the brilliant game writer that the world believes him
to be. You remember playing one of his games when you were four (the required
starting age for CBN adventures) and thinking that you could have probably
written something better yourself. Fortunately, even at that tender age you
were wise enough not to blurt out that observation.

> z
Time passes...

And then today you had the thought again. And this time it was much more
insidious. And the more you tried to tell yourself that you were wrong, the
more the thought came over you.

Of course, you kept it to yourself. You've heard of the Heretics, people so
insane and foolhardy that they actually believe Mr Newbie's games to be dire.
You've heard of the prison camps where they're locked up.

The door opens and in comes the teacher. Normally this would be the perfect
opportunity for a cry of "All Hail CBN!" (the traditional greeting whenever a
teacher enters the room) but this time the teacher isn't alone. With him is a
hulking fellow in a blue suit and dark glasses. He looks just like a Clueless
Enforcer you once saw in the papers.

"Children," says the teacher. "This is Mr-" He pauses to check with the
Enforcer and then goes on: "Mr Headsmasher. Er... Mr Headsmasher has reason
to believe that there is someone in the class who doubts the brilliance of Mr
Newbie's games."

A concerted gasp of dismay goes up from everyone in the class (except you, of
course. You're too busy trying to hide behind your massive pile of text books
and keep out of Mr Headsmasher's line of sight.)

[MORE]

"Needless to say, this is a shocking revelation," the teacher goes on. "And I
trust you will all co-operate with Mr Headsmasher in finding out who the
guilty party is."

"You tell me who he is, I'll smash 'is 'ead in!" snarls Ralph, the school
bully. "I'll smash 'is teef outta 'is 'ead an' stomp 'em inna floor!"

"Nicely put, Ralph," the teacher says with a smile, and adds to the Enforcer:
"one of our best students."

Mr Headsmasher merely grunts.

"Okay, class," the teacher goes on. "Please form an orderly queue at the
front of the room and when I give the order…"

[MORE]

Small Room
What this room is normally used for you don't know but right now it's a
torture chamber/interrogation room/holding cell all rolled into one. You're
sat on one side of the table, Mr Headsmasher is sat on the other. The teacher
stands at the back of the room, smoking a cigarette and looking increasingly
nervous at the prospect of the Enforcer finding out that one of his students
has been harbouring traitorous beliefs.

You're uncomfortably aware that the chair you're sitting on is sticky with
something that looks suspiciously like blood. You're also aware that the
Enforcer has got a crowbar in one hand and a pen in the other.

"Name!" he barks.

You tell him.

He nods and says, "ah-ha! You told me your name without the threat of
physical violence. That's the mark of a guilty mind."

The teacher winces.

"Next question," Mr Headsmasher goes on. "What is 2 plus 2?"

Surely this must be a trick question. But in a world ruled by Mr Newbie, who
can tell?

1)  "4."

2)  "5."

> 2
"Good. His Lordship dislikes those with a good grasp of mathematics. Good
mathematics have no place in His games," replies Mr Headsmasher. "Next: how
do you spell dog?"

1)  "Dog."

2)  "Dogg."

> 2
"Bad spelling is the mark of a true Newbieite," says Mr Headsmasher
approvingly. "Next: if faced with a ravenous beast from the nether
dimensions, what is the standard course of action?"

1)  "Fight it."

2)  "Run away."

3)  "Mr Newbie has never written a game with a ravenous beast from the nether
dimensions in so it's a moot point."

> 3
"A better answer than the one I had written down here," says the Enforcer.
"Interesting indeed." He makes another note. "Final question: what is worse
than death?"

1)  "Nothing."

2)  "Everything."

3)  "Not liking Mr Newbie's games."

> 3
"Good answer. I like the way you think."

"How did he do, Mr Headsmasher?" asks the teacher eagerly, looking like he's
wishing he'd never got out of bed this morning.

"He did… amazing…" says the Enforcer. He seems to have trouble catching his
breath. "Truly amazing. Why, I've not seen someone do this well in years. If
I didn't know better, I'd swear he's been temporarily infused with some of
His Lordship's divineness. He's a true Newbieite and no mistake."

The teacher fairly beams. Having one of his students declared a true
Newbieite is a glowing recommendation on his teaching skills. People have
made life long careers based on this sort of thing.

"Clearly the evildoer is not this fine upstanding student," says the
Enforcer. Then he does a strange thing. He actually reaches over the desk and
shakes your hand! "It's an honour to meet you and I hope you will remember me
when you rise to the top of the Newbie Order."

[MORE]

The rest of the day passes in a daze. You can't concentrate on your lessons,
you mispel the name of one of Mr Newbie's finest achievements - Da Ganstas Go
Shopin - and then when you're called on to recite the intro to Idventure
Quist, you have to struggle to come up with "it wuz an ot day an u deecided 2
go on a quist 4 sum idventure". But you manage to muggle through it all.
Somehow.

When the bell rings for the end of the day, you're happy just to grab your
stuff and hurry on home.

[MORE]

Your Bedroom
Your bedroom is an untidy shambles of a room, but then you're a teenage boy
so that perhaps comes as no surprise. After all, if it was tidy your parents
might wonder if there was something wrong with you. From the computer to the
TV, from the bookshelf to the desk - everything is a mess. Your bed is the
worst of the lot and sometimes it's so untidy in here that you can't even see
it for the junk.

> x mark
Shaped into the letter H. H for Heretic? Did you really scratch that without
realising? Or is someone trying to frame you?

You resolve to avoid eye contact with the mark in the hope that it fades
before long.

Today was worrying. Very worrying. The Enforcer might not have thought you
were a Heretic but the idea that maybe you are has been growing in your mind.
After all, Heretics think that Mr Newbie's games are awful. You think that Mr
Newbie's games are awful. The similarities are alarming.

> read book
You flip open a book at random and read a few lines of text:

"… an veralee did the Noobie One declaire that bad spellin wuz fine… an
veralee did the Noobie One declaire that puzzles iz bad… an veralee…"

With a groan, you shut the book.

What you do now is something you're not entirely sure of. You might have
escaped detection today, but you realise this isn't something you can keep on
doing indefinitely. And once you leave school and start work, you're going to
meet a lot of people whose lives are dedicated wholly to the stamping out of
any hint of anti-Newbieism. Some of them are extremists and even take the law
into their own hands: lynching non-Newbies on street corners before the
Newbie Secret Police can apprehend them. You've even heard rumours of
extremists kidnapping those they suspect of being anti-Newbieism and
submitting them to dreadful punishments (tying them to computers and making
them play Newbie games until they just die from sheer horror).

Sooner or later, someone is going to realise just what you are and when that
happens… well, it won't be pretty.

> x tv
It's one of the Newbie-Vision TVs that became popular around five years ago
when Newbieism really started to take off. It has forty-seven different
channels which display a wide variety of subjects: all of them
Newbie-related. The Newbie Olympics is on one side with various people
competing against each other to beat a specially designed Newbie game in
record time (the losers are eaten by crocodiles, apparently), a programme
about solving Newbie games on another, a third displays the source code to
one of Mr Newbie's biggest works (it takes nearly an entire screen) and
another…

But the sight of all that Newbieism just leaves you cold. It's unnatural.
Once you could have sat here all day and just drank in all that wonderful
Newbieism, but today? It just doesn't appeal to you.

But what to do? Run away? Hide? Throw yourself into your studies of the
Church of CBN and hope you can convince everyone, including your own
conscience, that you're really not a Heretic?

It's a difficult decision to make.

> use computer
It looks like you've had an e-mail. You'd better check that first.

> check mail
You examine it. And see something quite shocking:

"Hello, Shamus

You are in grave peril. You may have escaped detection today but the agents
of the Clueless One are as persistent as they are incompetent. Sooner or
later, they will capture you. I am sure I don't need to say what will happen
when they do, but it won't be pleasant.

If you want to be free of this world of nightmares and live in the real
world, meet me at the Chalker Street bridge, tonight, 11.00 pm. Come alone or
the meeting is off.

The Heretic"

The Heretic!

The Heretic himself is sending you e-mails! If you weren't already shaken by
the events of the day, you certainly are now. Even knowing of the Heretic's
existence is considered to be a sin against Newbieism. Any kind of contact
with him is an offence punishable by instant death. If you were to meet him…

[MORE]

10.45 pm rolls around and you stare out of the window in the direction of the
Chalker Street bridge. If you are to meet with the Heretic, you need to be
leaving now. The only question is: are you going to go or not? You could well
die tonight if the Powers That Be Writing Games discover what is going on.
The Heretic, after all, is widely considered to be the most dangerous man on
the planet and there are at any time literally thousands of Enforcers in
pursuit of him. If they should happen to find him tonight…

Go or not. The choice is yours.

[1]  Go.
[2]  Not.

> 1
You quickly slip on your coat and sneak out of the house. Your parents are
reading from The Big Book Of Newbie - a famed religious tome split into
eighty-five volumes, each of them big enough to fill in for a paving stone if
you ever needed one - and you are able to slip past them without an alarm
being raised.

The streets of the city are a worrying place to be after the hours of
darkness. Even the statue of Mr Newbie - five hundred feet tall and blazing
with the lights of creation (or a series of bulbs fitted into his eyes) -
can't completely dispel the darkness. You keep to yourself and avoid eye
contact with everyone you meet, eager to avoid a beating from vicious toughs
looking to make a name for themselves and curry favour from the Newbie Secret
Police by pounding the potential anti-Newbieism out of anyone they meet. Your
parents have often warned you about going out after dark without at least one
CBN Games Collection in your pocket as a way of pacifying these louts but
right now, considering who you're going to meet, you're not sure carrying
such a thing would be a good idea.

Ahead of you, the Chalker Street bridge looms.

[MORE]

Under The Chalker Street Bridge
A few tramps camped out at one end of the bridge foundations are the only
other people here and as all three of them are out cold, you're the only
conscious person in sight. The underside of the bridge passes over you, a
darkness against the lighter darkness of the sky. Railway tracks run under
the bridge but the Bobway Trains stop running at 10.24 pm sharp so you're in
little danger of being run over.

> x tramp
The tramps aren't important right now. They're asleep in any case and
generally regarded as the lowest of the low, being, as they are, too poor to
afford to buy Mr Newbie's games. You know there are Drop In Centres where
they can go to play free versions of the games if they so desire, but by the
look of things this lot have spent their time getting food instead. Even with
your current change of heart concerning the world of Newbie, you're a little
disgusted that these people would choose food over games.

> z
Time passes...

> z
Time passes...

You become aware of the sound of footsteps and turn to see a figure emerging
from the shadows to one side of the bridge. The figure steps into the light
but you can still see little of it due to the cloak it wears and the cowl
hiding its face. As it approaches, something about the way it walks, the way
it moves, the confidence in its stride speaks volumes to you: this is a man
who hates Mr Newbie's games with a vengeance and isn't afraid to let it show.
This is the sort of man who would stand up in public and proudly declare that
The Bogg Brush Advennture is 'dire'. At that moment, you admire him more than
anyone else in the world.

"You came then," he says. His voice is ordinary. You had expected that the
voice of the Heretic would sound suitably demonic - as portrayed in the
Newbie Headlines - but he sounds like an ordinary man in his early thirties.
Maybe the stories about him drinking the blood of virgins and keeping a bag
full of the hearts of dead nuns is a falsehood as well.

[MORE]

The Heretic reaches you and adds, "I wasn't sure whether you would make it or
not. But are you the one I wanted or a spy sent in his place?"

You aren't sure how to answer that so you don't.

The Heretic smiles coldly. "I think a test is called for. Say these words:
Clueless Bob Newbie's games are vile bilge."

Even though you've been starting to believe you might secretly be a Heretic,
hearing these words shakes you to your foundations. Casting aspersions on the
greatness that the works of Mr Newbie is a Major Sin. Repeating what the
Heretic has just said… well, it's so vile there probably isn't even a law
against it.

"Say them!" demands the man. "Or I leave and it ends here."

[1]  Say them.
[2]  Refuse.

> z
The Heretic awaits an answer.

> 1
It takes a couple of attempts to force the words out but you manage them in
the end. And, afterwards, you feel strangely… good. No lightning bolt streaks
from the sky and tears you apart, the earth doesn't open and swallow you, and
no hordes of ravenous demons emerge from out of thin air to rend you limb
from limb for you're your blasphemous utterance.

The Heretic smiles. "Well done. Spoken like a true hater of all that Clueless
Bob Newbie stands for. I knew I had picked rightly when I sent you that
e-mail. I knew you had it in you." He steps towards you and claps you on the
shoulder in a friendly manner. "I've been looking for you for a long time,
Shamus. Someone with the necessary cynicism to realise that the world isn't
quite what it seems and the brainpower to realise that Bob isn't the all
powerful figure we've been led to believe."

You try to take this as a compliment but calling Mr Newbie so casually by his
first name still makes you feel like you're rubbing shoulders with a mad
terrorist.

[MORE]

The Heretic laughs. "Ah, calling that fool-"

You wince.

"-by his first name rankles, does it? And I can tell by the way you winced
when I called him a fool-"

You wince.

"-that whatever brainwashing techniques you were subjected to are still in
force, albeit weaker in you than in anyone else I've encountered so far. You,
at least, haven't tried to throttle me for speaking the truth."

You force your hands to relax and not lock into neck-throttling claws but
it's a struggle.

"We might as well head back to my place," says the man. "We have a lot to
talk about-" He hesitates and glances around. You feel him tense. "Damn, I
should have expected this!"

A short distance away, you catch sight of several figures who weren't there a
moment ago. Even in the dark under the bridge, it's easy to see the CBN
emblem emblazoned on their suits: the Beta-Smashers, the elite of the Newbie
Secret Police! Even the Enforcers are scared of this lot.

[MORE]

You turn to run but the man with you doesn't seem especially worried. Instead
of fleeing he simply says, "get gunn", and as if by magic, or something even
more bizarre, a gun appears in his hands. He points it at the BS and fires.
Several of them crash down while the others dive for cover.

You watch the firefight with a kind of detached amusement. The BS seem to be
downed by bullets that don't even hit them, yet effortlessly shrug off shots
that ought to kill them. One of them falls over and bleeds... jam. It's all
quite mad.

"At least it didn't shoot flowers," the man says with a grimace before
tossing the gun to one side. "C'mon, Shamus, we're outta here!"

You expect him to take off running but instead he grabs your arm, cries,
"open doore!" and steps through the door which opens abruptly before you.

[MORE]

Corridor
Corridor.

You land in the corridor with a thump that winds you.

"They haven't followed us but they're attempting to," says the Heretic.
"Considering there must be a whole twenty lines of program holding this place
together-" he taps the wall and a bit of it bends in a way that a wall should
never do "-it won't take them long. Gimme a sec and we'll jump somewhere
else."

> x heretic
He appears… ordinary. Alarmingly so. You expected someone bigger, and
tougher, and harder, and… well, more Heretic. Heretics should be ferocious
fellows with mad eyes, wielding deadly weapons and spitting out the kind of
language that would make a trucker blanch. This guy just seems like an
ordinary guy. Why, if you didn't know better you'd have labelled him a text
adventure reviewer and left it at that.

> talk to heretic
"What happened?" you cry. "How did we get from under the bridge to here? And
how did you shoot those men? You didn't even have a gun! And we walked
through a door that wasn't there! And-"

"Later," says the Heretic. He appears to be concentrating. "I can sense the
Beta-Smashers logging into the local NSP network. It won't take them long to
track down where we are. We need to go again."

> z
Time passes...

> z
Time passes...

The Heretic says, "got it," and then adds, "go down".

You think he must be giving you an order and are just about to point out to
him that you can't go down because there's no exit that way, when you notice
that while there might not be an exit that way, you're still going down all
the same. As you and the strange man sink into the floor, you have a last
moment to cry out in horrified disbelief before everything goes black for all
eternity.

[MORE]

Or about four seconds actually when you finish passing through the floor and
find yourself…

On a river bank.

You blink, gasp out in dismay, trip and stumble over a frog, which lets out
an annoyed bark and bites you on the leg, and fall flat on your face.

You lie there, stars spinning around your head, in a very literal sense, and
hear the Heretic say, "I bet you're a bit confused, aren't you?"

> z
Time passes...

> x heretic
He's sitting on a bench, and the bench is rocking back and forth.

"I never knew benches rocked," you say, not sure just how it's able to rock.

"In the real world, they don't," says the man.

> stroke frog
It feels slimy to the touch but something in its manner, probably the fact
that it doesn't try to bite your hand off, indicates that it appreciate the
gesture.

> talk to heretic
"I imagine you're a bit confused by what's going on," says the Heretic with a
wry smile on his face. "Perhaps you're thinking you're either dreaming or
you've gone mad. Or this is all some kind of brain tumour and none of it's
really happening. Is that what you think?"

"Kind of," you say. In truth, you haven't had the time to think about it.
Everything's been happening so fast that you're still coming to terms with
all the weird stuff that's happened today. "What is going on?"

"Bob's little dreamworld is beginning to crumble."

> talk to heretic
"I don't understand. Bob's dreamworld?"

The Heretic gestures at the world in general. "Everything you see is part of
Bob's dreamworld, Shamus. Every little thing."

You swallow. "Even me?"

"No." Another wry smile. "You're a real person. As is everyone here, aside
from the Enforcers and the Beta-Smashers and the Newbie Secret Police - that
lot are just little Bobs running around in his dreamworld, acting as his
guardians, lawmen-"

"Agents?"

The Heretic winces. "Careful. You'll have us sued for plagiarism." Before you
can ask what he means, he goes on, "no, you're a real person and this,
everything you see, is a dream into which you've become sucked. You're out
there, in the real world, unconscious. You're most likely in a coma. Tell me,
have you been here long?"

"All my life."

The Heretic falls silent for a moment.

> talk to heretic
"That's impossible, of course," he says.

"What is?"

"That you've been here your entire life. You're… what 14? 15?"

"13."

"Well, Bob's only been writing games for eight years now so the longest this
little dreamworld of his has been in existence for is that long. But I don't
imagine you've been here even that long or you'd be stark raving mad. No one
can put up with Bob's creations for that length of time and still retain the
ability to think, even if they're unaware of what's really going on."

> talk to heretic
"So you're really saying that my whole world doesn't exist?" you say.

"That's about the size of it. Bit of a kicker, eh?"

"But…" You want to tell him how unbelievable this whole thing is, how
completely far-fetched and ridiculous and ludicrous and… but then, is a world
in which someone like Clueless Bob Newbie is worshipped as a God any less
far-fetched and ridiculous and ludicrous? His games, you admit, are just
dire, and yet for reasons that no one knows, and no one even questions, he's
effectively in charge of the entire planet. What qualifies him to be in
charge? Why is disliking his games a Sin punishable by imprisonment or death?
Why? Why? Why?

> talk to heretic
"Tell me what needs to be done," you say.

The Heretic smiles. "Simple," he says. "We're going to shatter Bob's
dreamworld."

He stands up from the bench which continues rocking.

"How do we do that?" you ask, your voice both nervous and excited at the same
time.

"Follow," says the Heretic. "And observe."

He waves his arms several times - if you didn't know better, you'd swear he
was making a rude gesture at some far off and invisible figure - then says,
"go home", and then before you know what has happened, you look around and
find yourself in the most feared location in the entire world.

[MORE]

The Home Of Clueless Bob Newbie
Teh room is blanke save 4 a desk an a compooter. desplayed on teh compooter
green are several lines of cod - the bu!lk of one of Bib's gums know doubt -
while the zest of teh room is given over to a game of heaps. Hunreds,
tousands, even smillions of them. thE walls are adorned with picta- punctu-
pick- posters of teh man imself, is chubby face peering MANIACIALYL from each
of themorways leads away to the west and west.

"Ready yourself," says the Heretic. "He'll be here soon and we don't have a
lot of time."

"Ready myself how?" you say. "And how come there are two wests in this room?
Isn't that impossible?"

"You're in the mind of CBN here, Shamus," the Heretic says. "Nothing is
impossible." He pauses and then adds, "except maybe writing a decent game."

> talk to heretic
"Now what?" you ask. "How do we 'shatter Bob's dreamworld'?"

The Heretic frowns. "I'm not entirely sure."

You gape at him. "You mean you brought us here but you don't know how to
defeat him?"

This time the Heretic shrugs. "He's the world's worst game writer. How hard
could it be?"

> z
Time passes...

> z
Time passes...

> help
u dunt need elp

(is the standard thing you'd see in an average CBN game, perhaps with need
spelt as kneed in earlier games, and this is what you see now. Unfortunately,
this is one command CBN never implements.

Why?

Opinion on the subject is divided between:

a) it never occurred to him
b) he doesn't think it's necessary
c) he expects you to sweat blood to finish his games and including help
commands would make them too easy

but most people assume the answer is really

d) if you're daft enough to be playing a CBN game, you need help of a far
more literal kind than a text adventure could ever provide.)

> z
Time passes...

"He's here."

You hear the tension in the Heretic's voice even as the northern door (which
wasn't even here a moment ago) suddenly flies open and in strides…

Clueless Bob Newbie himself.

"Still at large, eh, Smiffy?" says Bob, staring at the Heretic with mad eyes.
"Damnit, you'll appreciate the genius of my games if I have to kill you
first."

"Kill me and I'll never appreciate them," says the Heretic.

Bob pauses, podgy face twisted into a grimace as he tries to work this out.
Then he scowls. "Killing you is fine by me." He raises a hand and cries,
"gett magik sword!" and out of nowhere a shimmering blade appears.

The Heretic also gestures. "Get gunn!" he cries and, sure enough, a gun
appears in his hands.

The two of them begin to circle around each other.

> help
You ask for help.

"Help?" cries Bob. "Help!?! You must be joking! Do you really think I'd
implement a HELP command here-"

And then, without warning, a piano falls from the ceiling and crushes him
into the floor with an horrendous crash.

A few seconds of silence descend on the room, broken only by your frantic
breathing, the Heretic's gasps... and the dawning realisation that the room
description has mysteriously fixed itself. Whereas before you saw

Teh room is blanke save 4 a desk an a compooter. desplayed on teh compooter
green are several lines of cod - the bu!lk of one of Bib's gums know doubt -
while the zest of teh room is given over to a game of heaps. Hunreds,
tousands, even smillions of them. thE walls are adorned with picta- punctu-
pick- posters of teh man imself, is chubby face peering MANIACIALYL from each
of themorways leads away to the west and west.

you now see

The room is blank save for a desk and a computer. Displayed on the computer
screen are several lines of code - the bulk of one of Bob's games no doubt -
while the rest of the room is given over to heaps of games. Hundreds,
thousands, even millions of them. The walls are adorned with posters of the
man himself, his chubby face peering maniacally from each of them. Doorways
leads away to the east and west.

[MORE]

"What happened?" you ask. "That... piano..."

"It seems Bob implemented a help command after all," says the Heretic with a
frown. "How... unusual of him."

"But... but it dropped a piano on his head..."

"Yes." The Heretic nods. "I guess he didn't quite know what a help should do
so he compensated by turning it into a piano dropping command instead. I
suspect that..."

As he speaks, the Heretic's voice begins to fade. So does the Heretic. And
the room around you.

You try to grab for him, wondering if this is some kind of last trick of
Bob's, but the Heretic smiles. "You're free, Shamus. Free. Bob's dreamworld
is crumbling now that he's been temporarily disabled."

Temporarily...?

"What happens to me now?" you ask as a wind picks up and starts to carry you
away.

"Now?" The Heretic laughs. "Now you go back to the land of the living. I-"

Whatever else he is planning to say is lost as the room and everything in it
fades away and you are pulled away and lifted up and...

[MORE]

You are floating in a void.

Normally this would be a bad sign, because a void (or avoid as he often
spells it) is how Bob often ends his games... even the ones that end in the
unusual state of the player not getting killed.

But not to fear because that isn't the case here. You've won. You're free of
Bob's dreamworld. You're on your way back to the real world.

Give yourself a well-earned pat on the back and, whatever the real world is
like when you get there, it's almost certain to be better than this one.

(For anyone interested, the command games will list all the CBN titles
referred to in this game. Just so you can avoid them :) )

> quit
The only command that really works here is RESTART.

> y
The only command that really works here is RESTART.

>
