Loading game...

SE: Wreckage
Classified in the green zone, the Andion starsystem is free from the dangers
of the wartorn red belt separating the Sun Empire and the Orgaan Enclaves.
What was to be a routine cargo shuttle to one of the inhabited planets was
broken by the appearance of Orgaan raiders far from home.  Without escort,
the raiders quickly tore through the ship, disabled the engines and overcame
what little resistance was given.

Dodging random patrols aboard ship, you made it to an escape pod at the same
time the Orgaans decided to rid themselves of their stripped prize.  Massize
explosions sent shockwaves through the ship as you pulled the escape pod
hatch closed.  Pressing the launch button, the pod was thrown away from the
ship.  Red warning messages appeared across the tiny pods computer.  The
rocking and tumbling of the pod did not stop.

Looking out the hatch portal, you see the remains of your ship strewn about
in a huge debris field around the pod.  Finally, the pod rights itself but
the warning messages do not clear from its screen.

Not responding to your commands, it would appear the the pod, along with the
entire debris field is falling towards the system's star.

You must find a way to complete your escape before your final plunge into the
star.

> open compartment
You open the small storage compartment.  Inside the small storage compartment
is the environmental suit, the PLS-1 and the rations.

> take suit
You take the environmental suit from the small storage compartment.

> wear suit
You put on the environmental suit.

> open hatch
(Your score has increased by 10)
The events leading up to this moment must have confused your thoughts.  You
realize your mistake as the small amount of atmosphere in the pod explodes
the hatch outwards and you are flung hundreds of meters directly into deep
space.  Fortunately, the environmental suit protects from the affects of such
a manuever.  You find yourself floating among the debris field.

> attach cable to suit
(Your score has increased by 10)
Taking grasp of the drifting steel cable, you hook it through the suits
safety harness and tie it securely to you.  Your drifting away from the
escape pod ends.

> take repairbot
You take the repairbot.

> turn on the repairbot
(Your score has increased by 10)
More lights activate on the repairbot and it begins to hum.

> tell repairbot to cut the tong
(Your score has increased by 10)
Moving towards the launch tube debris, the repairbot springs to life.
Several of its arms extend, one with a torch that quickly slices through the
embedded tong.  The launch tube debris floats free from the escape pod.

> in
Entering the pod, you detach the cable from your environmental suit.

> use the computer
(Your score has increased by 10)
Finally, you get the pod to react to your commands.  Thrusters roar to life
and the pod begins to turn away from its plunge into the star.  Gravity
threatens to overwhelm you as pod attempts to gain enough inertia to pull
away.  The pressure eases off and you are one again travelling through deep
space.

Taking your astronomical readings, the computer determines a slightly
populated planet with a starport is within reach of the pod.  Laying in a
course, you finally breath easier knowing that you've rescued yourself.

Congratulations!

Congratulations!
