Loading game...

The Wumpus Run

Wumpus Hunting will never become "the sport of Kings" ... too many risks
involved for royalty (although, they have been known to allow any number of
fools, er, adventurers, to partake on their behalf). Let's not be under any
delusions here ... this is one tough, but very lucrative, occupation ... for
those with the guts and caving savvy to attempt "The Run". Winning this
biannual event will enable you to retire quite comfortably and live off the
winnings for many years to come.

The objective of the competition is quite simple really ... get the Wumpus
before it gets you. There are a significant number of statistical analyses
available, for you to consult at your leisure, on the performance of
previous participants ... however, for the sake of expediency, to sum up:
"you either make it or you don't!"

This is a contest as much about using your wits as it is about defeating an
enemy, So use them and keep an accurate map of where you go and where you've
been as the tunnels and passage can twist and turn and can be quite
disorienting ... you don't map, you don't live! Simple!

The rules are very simple ...
1: You enter a cavern complex of about 20 locations with a lantern, a
starblade and possibly your last meal.

2: You must move through the network of tunnels and caves (trying to be as
quiet as possible), sneak up on the Wumpus and kill it by throwing the
starblade at it.

3: Return to the rope ladder (where you entered the complex), before your
lantern runs out to claim your prize ... remember, no one has yet returned
after losing their light!

For clarification of potential hazards, please refer to your contract.

That's about it really ... are you up for the challenge?

PS: Hints are available if you need them.

 ***
 ***
 ***
 *****
 ***
 *

Well, this is it! This is your big chance to make a lot of money in a very
short space of time (the faster you do this the more you will earn) OR die in
an equally short timeframe. The choice is yours ...

The long climb down has left you a bit shaky, but then that could also be
just an increase in adreneline. The sounds of the cheering crowd have long
since faded into the distance, along with the only remaining sunlight from
the entrance hole.

Your starblade is securely attached to your belt, you have a small amount of
food in your pouch and a full lantern burning brightly in your hand. OK, the
lantern isn't going to last all day so you'd better have at it, hmmm? Have a
look and see what you have let yourself in for ...

The long rope ladder is hauled up into the gloom above ... your only link to
the outside world is now out of your reach.

> south
You advance cautiously to the south.

Bog of Eternal Stench
Methinks it may be wise to watch one's step around here ... hmmmm, who or
what died in here?

Possible exits: north, northeast and northwest.

> northeast
You proceed northeast.

Twisty Passage
A maze of twisty passages ... all alike.

Possible exits: north, west and southwest.

There's an awful smell coming from somewhere close by.

> throw starblade west

The sound of a very large beast crying out in agony echoes throughout the
caverns.

You slump to the ground emotionally and physically spent for a few moments
... but this is not yet over!

> west
You boldly go west.

Rectangular Cavern
This cavern looks like a large rectangular box with extremely high ceilings.

You can see a legendary starblade.
Oops! An humungus Wumpus is here!

Possible exits: east, southwest and northwest.

> drop lantern
You place the lantern on the floor of the cavern. However, carrying the
lantern will significantly increase your life span, Cheryl!

> cut mane
With utmost care you cut a large tuft of mane from the dead Wumpus.

> take lantern
The lantern's glow provides a little comfort against the dark unknown of the
Run.

> east
You proceed east.

Twisty Passage
A maze of twisty passages ... all alike.

Possible exits: north, west and southwest.

> southwest
You proceed southwest.

Bog of Eternal Stench
Methinks it may be wise to watch one's step around here ... hmmmm, who or
what died in here?

Possible exits: north, northeast and northwest.

> north
You advance cautiously to the north.

Burial Chamber
In the past some hapless adventurer didn't survive past here. Fortunately, a
compassionate companion had the time to create a burial mound.

You can see a rope ladder.

Possible exits: south, northeast and northwest.

> climb ladder
You can't climb the rope ladder.
As you struggle up the last few feet of the ladder you are greeted by the
thunderous cheers of the spectators from the stands. You hold the tuft of
Wumpus mane high in the air as the crowd roars its approval.

You are ushered to the judge's table as an eerie hush descends around the
arena. The judges take their time, examining the evidence with great care and
deliberation. One by one they raise their green flags, indicating that indeed
you have slain the Wumpus.

Again the crowd goes wild, chanting "Cheryl, Cheryl ..." as you turn, holding
the Wumpus Mane high for all to see. You have earned the right to the title
of "Grand Wumpus Hunter" until the next Wumpus Run.

You are escorted from the arena to enjoy the fruits of your labours ... a
nice bath, an excellent meal, a fat bank account (totalling 306900 gold
pieces) and a little bit (or whatever else) on the side ...
