Loading game...

Zombie Cow

You're not sure how it happened.

It was a hot summer day.  You were standing in the barn, in your stall,
waiting for the afternoon feeding.  Clyde had come in with his bales and
buckets, leaving the barn door open.  He filled your food trough and went on
to the next stall.

Suddenly, there was a crack that sounded like thunder.  A strong gust of wind
burst through the open door, and the barn filled with a rich, red dust.

"Shee-it!" cried Clyde.  He covered his mouth and raced to the barn door,
closing it.

You turned to your food.  All of the food in your trough was covered in the
fine red dust.

Press any key to continue

Captive cows cannot be choosers.

You ate.

Later that night, you awoke.

You were hungry.

You nosed at the remaining food.

You didn't want it.

Then you thought about Clyde, his fat arms protruding from his overalls.

And you thought of Amos, whose thick fingers came to gather milk.

That's what you wanted - meat.

Human meat.

You had become a...

Press any key to continue

Zombie Cow!
by Amber Rollins-Walker

Barn Stall
You live in a small, enclosed wooden stall, just big enough for you and your
food and water troughs.  Clyde hasn't bothered to clean it in a few days.
The air is filled with dust motes and the sounds of the other cows. Soiled
straw covers the floor.  There isn't enough room for you to turn around, so
you always face out, toward the stall door, and beyond, the open barn and the
barn door.  You feel like you've spent your whole life waiting.  You wait for
food, you wait for what the farm hands will do today.

You're not going to wait anymore.

> drink water
You're not too keen on the bugs, but you're thirsty.  You take a drink.

> examine beetles
They're bugs.  Dead bugs.

> kick stall door
You are normally too placid to kick at the door, but your new life as a
zombie has filled you with a murderous rage.  You kick the stall door until
you hear a crack, and the door breaks off its hinges and falls to the floor.
You move into the barn.

The Barn
Other than an open space in front of the door, the barn is filled with small
stalls, just like yours, containing other cramped and hungry cows.  The
ceiling is high, and sometimes you watch the birds who live in the rafters
with envy.  There are a few machines and tools against the walls.

You can move north and south.

Amos opens the barn doors and comes inside, leaving the doors ajar.
"Chelsie, what are you doing out?" he says, reaching toward you.
As Amos' arm gets close to your head, you lunge at him and bite his hand off.

Amos screams and falls to the ground, clutching his arm.  You run to him and
begin biting any part of his large, fatty body that you can sink your teeth
into.

When you finish eating the rest of Amos, you realize that you are free to
leave the barn.

> leave barn
You leave the barn and go out into God's Country.

God's Country
You move into the bright light of day.  This is the first time ever that you
have been able to move where you please.  You want to get away from this
place as fast as your hooves will take you.

The road runs left and right.  You don't know where you're going - you just
want to kill.  Instinct tells you to turn left.

You lope  down the asphalt, which grows uncomfortably warm under your feet as
the Texas day wears on.  Though your jaws ache with the desire to rend flesh
and bone, you see no one walking.

The occasional trunk rumbles by, blaring Toby Keith.  The road's shoulder is
littered with torn, fluttering trash and Coors cans.

You can move north and southeast.

> southeast
You move southeast.

The EZ Gas - Outside
The EZ Gas is an old-fashioned gas station.  There are two pumps in the
front, manual - and they don't take no kinds of plastic cards.  If fact, the
EZ Gas doesn't take plastic payment at all.  Use cash or get on down the
road.  An old red Ford sits in front of one of the pumps, its redneck owner
listening to the Rangers and spitting his Red Man toward the back tire at
regular intervals while he fills up.

You can only move east.

> eat the redneck
You run toward the redneck and take a large chunk out of his thigh.  He drops
the gas pump, and unleaded spills onto the pavement.

You feast until all the good stuff is gone.  You didn't get much meat off the
skinny redneck's bones, but you feel ever so much better having killed
someone.

You move into the EZ Gas.

Press any key to continue

The EZ Gas building itself has a supply of domestic beer, sodas, candy,
chips, and chaw.  Jimmie Fred runs the cash register, and Joe Fred hangs out
in the back room, restocking and watching the games on his portable
black-and-white.

No one gives Joe Fred trouble, because rumor has it that he not only has a
shotgun back there, but a whole shelf full of magic potions and critters.
His mama was a woods witch, and Joe Fred can turn you into a bullfrog in two
seconds flat if you dare to come into the EZ Gas a few pennies short.

As you enter the EZ Gas, Jimmie Fred drops her copy of Weekly World News and
knocks over her can of RC. "Joe Fred!" she screams.  "There's a cow in here!
I think it's rabid!"

Joe Fred comes out of the back room.  He studies you quietly for a minute.
"Nope," he says.  "Not rabid.  That there's a zombie cow."

Joe Fred goes into the back again and returns in just under 5 seconds.  He
holds a jar in his hands.  He holds it up so you can see it.

The jar contains a single small green object.

"This here's the 5-Leaf Clover of Bovinus," Joe tells you.  "All you need to
do to turn back into a normal cow is eat it."

He unscrews the lid of the jar and holds the 5-Leaf Clover of Bovinus out to
you.  "You gonna eat the clover or refuse the clover?"

> eat the clover
You feel all the anger, all the hatred, all the lust for flesh leave your
body in a tickly rush.  In fact, you're not too sure how you got into the EZ
Gas in the first place.

"Well," say Joe Fred, "no sense trying to find out where this one came from.
She probably ate everybody at her farm, anyway, so I don't figure they'll be
too happy to have her back."

Joe Fred looks you in the eyes. "Wanna come live with me?" he says.  You
think about regular meals and sunning yourself in the meadow.

And then you think about short, cramped stall you can hardly turn around in,
slop for food, rough fingers grabbing your udders, and water with bugs in it.

You don't have to put up with this kind of treatment anymore.

You may not be a zombie anymore, but you know how to get people to leave you
alone.

You take a nice chunk out of Joe Fred's shoulder and leave the EZ Gas.

Your days of being a slave are over.  You are a free cow now.

You scored 100 out of the maximum 130!
That is 76% of the game!
You finished 30 points short.
