Loading game...

^^ AGENT 4-F FROM MARS ^^

^^ AGENT 4-F, WHAT ARE YOUR PRESENT SPATIAL CO-ORDINATES? ^^

Ohh, those know-it-all "scientists" on Mars! They think they know it all.

You'll show them.

^^ AGENT 4-F, WE SAY AGAIN: WHAT ARE YOUR PRESENT SPATIAL CO-ORDINATES? ^^

You detach the kinetic spring terminal from the modulating-wave receptor rod.
 Now their transmissions will be little more than static.

They just don't appreciate your genius.

You are the only one on all of Mars with the glandular fortitude to travel to
the solar core of the planetary system.

You are:
AGENT 4-F FROM MARS!

( written by Michael Arnaud )

^^ CHHT CHH, CHHHT CHH CHH CHHZZCHT CHHHTCCHS? ^^

in the M-7-double-Oh spaceship

You are sitting at the controls of a "borrowed" Model M-7-double-Oh space
ship.  The control panel includes a gyro-guide, a red button, a green button,
and a fibroid restraint. There is a viewer portal above the control panel.

>
You cross one end of the restaint over and under the other, and bring it back
again. That should do it.

>Time passes...

You have it planned perfectly. And your plan is perfect. Why couldn't they
see that? They are all in a blither about the ship incinerating from the
extreme temperatures of the solarity. The fools! Can't they see the obvious
solution, as you have?
You have observed the solarity for many Martian months, and have discovered
that the solarity does not emit its intense photonic and thermal properties
during the latter half of each Martian day.  Even Mars itself has to generate
its own sources of photonic and thermal energy at such times.
In a flash of brilliance, you have timed your arrival on the surface of the
solarity to coincide with such a time.

>Time passes...

That's strange. The solarity is directly ahead, and there does not seem to be
any sign of reduction in its generation of photon-thermal energies. You check
your chronos-indicator. Your timing is perfect. Yet, contrary to all your
careful observations while home on Mars, the energies are intensifying.

You are unable to determine the energy levels by the exo-sensors -- they have
been rendered ineffective through thermal liquification.

You must have made some slight miscalculation somehow. In any case, you must
alter your course before you and the ship are incinerated.

Ohh!  Those know-it-all "scientists"! What a fortuitous estimation on their
part!

^^ CHHT CHH!  CHHHT CHH CHH CHHZZCHT CHHHTCCHS!? ^^

>Time passes...

Unfortunately, most of the ship's systems are no longer functioning. It is
impossible to tell what your spatial co-ordinates are. You spin the
gyro-guide to something, anything other than toward the solarity, and open
the reverse-inertia throttle to full.

The ship lunges forward, and shakes and rattles as it strains to veer from
its course toward the solarity. Your mandicators knock against one another
and your intercommunicator lens nearly falls from your head as the ship rolls
and spins out of control.

At least you are no longer headed for the solarity.

The ship has gone into a wild tumble, hurtling into blackness.  Your fibroid
personnel restraint is useless.  You are tumbled and tossed from one side of
the ship to the other. You bang your head hard against a fractured hydrogen
oxide waste-transport tube.

Your consciousness hurtles into blackness...

back on mars

You wake with a start.  What a terrible dream!

>Congratulations!
