Loading game...

A monkey too many
Soft footsteps circle around you in the complete blackness of this area. You
don't know who it is that's making the footsteps, but you doubt it's human,
most likely some furry animal because of how soft it sounds. You peer into
the blackness, but there's nothing for you to see there.

>
Dark place
Around you is a blackness you've never known before, completely covering
every part of the area.

>You are carrying nothing.

>You decide to try to find your way out of this darkness and you move in some
direction. You can't really be sure what direction you're moving in as you've
got no visual guidelines, but you move none the less. Suddenly you are hit in
the head with a hard object and you fall to the ground. The last things you
hear before going unconcious are : Oooh ooh ahh ahh! Oooh ah! Oooh ah eeeh
ah!!

>"Hey, monkey!"
Monkey: "Oooh, ah!! Oooh, ah!!"
"Let me out, I'm hungry!"
Monkey: "Oooh, ah, eeeh eh!! Eeeh eh!" The monkey's hostile attitude towards
you is frightening, so you decide not to talk to him.

>But you had decided not to talk to it. Don't go back on your word now!

>Ah, who cares if the monkey gets angry!

"Hey, pee-brain, let me out of here! I want out, you hear me!!!"
Monkey: "Oooooooh aaahhh," the monkey screams at you while getting up from
the chair, then walks over to you. "Eeeeehh aahhh!!!" it then yells in your
face, leaving a few unwelcome drops of mouthwater on your face. It then
returns to its desk and continues reading the newspaper.

>After your last conversation with the monkey you decide for life that you
will never talk to another monkey ever again!

>You are carrying a magnet.

>Using your stupifyingly strong magnet you manage to attrack the pistol into
the cell. The monkey is paying too much attention to the newspaper to notice.

>Using your stupifyingly strong magnet you manage to attract the key from the
desk. Luckily the monkey is too absorbed by the newspaper to notice.

>(Your score has increased by 10)
You point the gun at the monkey's head, then for some reason say: "Dodge
this!" You pull the trigger and watch as the monkey's head explodes in a
shower of blood, skull fractures and brain jelly.

>(Your score has increased by 15)
Hooray! You've made it through the game!
Congratulations!
