Loading game...

ARGH'S Great Escape
ARGH's Great Escape

        You are ARGH.  Proud caveman, aspiring inventor.  You were recently
jailed in Boulder Rock prison for your attempt to invent a circular device
intended on making the moving of objects easier.  While you had supporters,
all kept quite out of fear of being placed in Boulder Rock; where no man ever
leaves.

        You know if you can escape this place and show everyone what your
invention can do, that it would change the world and ease the work of every
other caveman on earth.

Cell  III, Boulder Rock Prison

        This is your cell, where you are doomed to spend the rest of your
days because of your wild ideas.  There isn't much for comfort here, and you
didn't expect there would be.  Bamboo rods keep you imprisoned in the small
cave. A small hole, the size of a large dinosaur egg is located at the top of
the cave.  Unfortunately is much too high for you to reach, and too small for
you to fit through.

Also here is a drumstick.

>You pick up the drumstick.

>(Your score has decreased by 2)
A guard comes in from out of nowhere and hits you over the head with a club.

"ARGH! No leave! No Noise!"

With your head spinning, you watch as the three guards (at least that is what
you see) leave the cave, leaving you alone once again."

>(Your score has increased by 25)

You hold the drumstick up to the beaver and barely able to pull your arm away
in time.  He eats the drumstick in one bite, then looks to you for more.  He
leaps out toward you, but drops in midair.  He looks to be very sick.  He
reminds you of the nurse you saw on your way in.  Well, her hair, anyway.

>You pick up the sick beaver.  You suddenly get an idea.  You throw yourself
on the ground and start screaming.  The guard quickly rushes in and notices
that the drumstick is gone.  He rushes you to the infirmary where you wait
for the nurse to come back on duty.

Boulder Rock Infirmary

This is the infirmary.  Sure, no man ever leaves, but they have to give keep
try to keep you alive.  There is a cell door, much like the one to your cell,
except this one leads to freedom.  There is a slab, which the patient is to
lie on, and a rock table nearby.  A cubby hole in the wall, looks to be some
sort of storage space.

>You take the medicine from the rock table.

>(Your score has increased by 25)
You plop the the sick beaver on your head.  It looks like you have created
the first caveman mullet!

>You take the nurse dress from the cubby hole.

>You put on the nurse dress.

>(Your score has increased by 25)

You feed the beaver and bring him back to health.  He still isn't feeling so
hot, but manages to chew through the bamboo bars, making his escape.

>(Your score has increased by 25)

        Making sure the coast is clear, you are able to escape the Boulder
Rock Prison and are finally able to reveal your invention, which you named
the Wheel.  You not only become the most famous person in the world, you are
also the only caveman to ever escape Boulder Rock Prison.  Unfortunately you
had a run in with that very same beaver a few years later which ended the
life of ARGH.  The beaver didn't have it so well either.  He became very sick
and also died.  His fangs were mounted on the outside of Boulder Rock Prison
in your honor.
Congratulations!
