Loading game...

The Murder of Jack Morely
Confession

A 3hour comp entry
Written by Mystery

Warning:  This is a linear adventure.  It may contain some content that some
people may find objectionable.

Continue

The throbbing in your head beats in rhythm with your heart.  A knock on the
front door stirs you awake.  Reaching upward, you notice how heavy your arms
feel, but still manage to bring your fingers to your temple and apply
pressure in hopes to ease the pain.

"Iĺm coming,ö you announce, struggling to open your eyes.  You havenĺt felt
this bad since celebrating your divorce.  You can feel the heat of the sun
warming your face through the partially cracked blinds.  Pulling yourself to
up, you struggle with the thin belt of your housecoat, but finally manage to
secure as you reach the door.

In your living room
You are in your living room.  The blinds cast bladed light across the chair
you were sitting in when the knock came at the door.  The coffee table is
littered with old pictures, which you had been cutting your ex out of the
night before, along with an bottle of Jack Daniels.  Cracked glass distorts
the once lovely family pictures that sit atop the mantle, just below a
painting of the old wooden bridge where you met him.

Someone is knocking at the door.

>The coffee table is littered with hundreds of family photos.  Many of them
have your ex-husband cut out.  An empty bottle of Jack Daniels lies turned
over on its side on top of the photos.

>Most of the pictures on the coffee table are void of your ex-husband, Jack.
The ones on the mantle are cracked and distored.

>It's empty, though you don't remember finishing it off.

>It's right here.  Someone is knocking on it.

>You open the door and are greeted by a stocky, slightly balding man in a dark
blue suit opened to reveal a gun in its harness just below his left arm.  In
his right hand he briefly holds up a badge.

"Ms. Morely, I'm Detective Stevenson and this is Officer Jamison from the
Midfield Police Depart," he motions towards the officer standing to his left,
with his hand postured readily at his hip.  "Could you please step outside
for a moment, we need to ask you a couple of questions."

"What?  What is this about?" You emerge from the door, leaving it open a
slight crack, stepping out on the front stoop.  Gripping your housecoat
closed tighter around your chest, you ask, "What is going on?"

"Ms. Morely, where were you last night around 10 pm?" The detective asks as
the officer moves himself behind you gently pushing the front door open and
looking inside, before turning his attentions back to you.

"I was home all night, detective.  I had a few drinks and fell asleep in the
living room.  Is there something wrong?" you ask, looking concerned.

"Is there anyone that can collaborate your story, Ms. Morely?"

"What?  What are you talking about?  My son called around 6, but I was home
alone.  What is going on? Has something happened to Chad? "  Getting
agitated, you nerviously back into the officer behind you.

Continue

"Ms. Morely, we have a warrent for your arrest.  Please place your hands
behind your back."  The detective grabs you by the the upper arm as the
officer quickly places hancuffs on you.  You struggle, trying to turn
yourself to face the officer.

"This is absurd!  What am I being arrested for?  I want my lawyer.  I know my
rights!"

The detective slowly walks you down the steps, "You are under arrest for the
murder of your ex-husband, Jack Morely.  You have the right to remain
silent..."

In a state of shock, his words trail off and you barely notice the astonished
faces of your neighbors as they whisper to one another as the officer pushes
the top of your head down.

Continue

Processing seemed to drag on for hours, and it seemed even longer before your
lawyer got there.  In a small, private room, your lawyer asks, "Jane, I want
you to go over the events of that day with me.  Just start at the beginning."
 She began jotting notes down on a yellow legal pad.

>Time passes...

"I got up that morning and took a shower and left for work. The day went by
like normal and I came home.  The phone was ringing when I walked in the
door.  It was my son, Chad."

>ôHow old is Chad?ö Carol asks, continuing to take notes on the legal pad.

"He is 24, as of last November.  Anyway, he called to tell me he was coming
over.  He wanted his suit.  He had an engagement party to go to.  After a
little prodding, he told me that it was his father, Jack, who was getting
engaged."  A rush of blood fills your head and you can feel the temperature
in your cheeks rise.

"That son-of-a-bitch!" you yell, smashing your hand to the table.  "It's only
been six weeks since the divorce was final.  I feel sorry for that little
slut of his.  I spent 26 years putting up with his bullshit; putting up with
his annoying way of always turning arguments around in his favor; watching
him manipulate everyone around him; leaving his God damn dirty clothes all
over the floor and demanding I be his maid!"

"Calm down, Jane.  This isn't helping your case."  A look of doubt crosses
Carol's face; her eye's darting quickly to her pad.

>
ôI donĺt care about this fucking case!  They arrested me, so the must have
proof."  You knew that even if you confessed to Carol, she would still have
to defend you, so you decided you may as wall confess.

"I DID IT, CAROL!  And you know what?  I enjoyed it so much.  That
bloodsucking little bastard got everything he deserved!ö  You can feel your
heart pounding in your chest, and almost get a tinge of satisfaction as you
see the shocked look on Carolĺs face.

Almost instantly, Carol clears her throat, and composes herself.  "Tell me
what happened, Jane.  I need to know everything.  There might be a way to get
you off the hook, or we might even be able to get a plea deal out of this,
but you have to tell me everything."

>
"After Chad called, I hung up the phone and had a couple of drinks.  I needed
to calm my nerves.  Jack was getting married, and he was getting the house
too.  I donĺt know how he managed it, but the judge that handled our divorce
gave him everything.  I had one year to move.  I have lived in this house for
the past 26 years.  I wasnĺt going to leave.  He was going to move that
little bitch into MY house.  The house where I raised our son.  I wasnĺt
going to let him take everything away from me.  I deserve more than that."
Pacing back and forth, you continue to tell your lawyer what happened.

>
ôI knew Jack was violently allergic to strawberries.  His engagement party
wasnĺt until 9, so I knew I had plenty of time to lure him away.  I called
him and asked him to meet me at the Old Shakers Motel.  We used to do a
little role-playing and meet up there and pretend we were strangers.  Even
though we were divorced, we still had sex.  I knew he couldnĺt resist.  I
told him to get the key for room 9 at the desk.  I paid for it over the
phone, using his credit card.  So if it was traced, it would be traced back
to him.  I waited in the room, dressed as a French maid.  It was his favorite
costume.ö

>
ôWhat happened when Jack arrived?ö  Carol asks, taking notes diligently.

ôI heard his car drive past.  I squeezed some strawberry juice into the
bottle of Jack Daniels.  Jack had a thing about pouring his own drinks.  So I
knew I would have to put the juice in the bottle.  He came in, looking like
an one of those old detectives.  He really had a thing for those old movies.ö
 Plopping yourself down in the chair, and looking Carol dead in the eye, you
continue.

ôWe made love like two strangers.  It was hot.  It was good.  It was the best
sex I have ever had in my life.  I was married to this man for 26 years, and
he never did it like that.  When we were done, I asked him to have a drink
with me.  He almost didnĺt take the bait, but I told him it was to
congratulate him on his engagement.  He was a little taken back, but found it
honorable.  I handed him the glasses and he poured the drink.ö

>Carol shifts in her seat, and puts down her pen for a moment.

"It was perfect.  He gave me a kiss and walked to the door.  It was right
about then the allergic reaction kicked in.  He was gasping for air, his face
turning beat red.  I pretended like I didnĺt know what was going on, and I
helped him into the bathroom.  I filled the tub while I was waiting for him
to show up.  By now, he was late for his party, so I know I had to hurry.  I
shoved him backward into the tub and held him under water.  I laughed
hysterically as I watched the bubbles rise from his mouth.  His eyes looking
right into mine, I whispered , ĹI love youĺ."

>
ôI covered my tracks.  I left no evidence behind.  I took the sheets, I
cleaned the room.  How did they find out?ö

Carol leaned in close, her eyes dull and mute, ôThat was the room you always
went to?ö

ôYes.  Like clockwork, at least once a week.ö You reply, looking curiously at
the woman sitting across from you.

ôWhen the police were investigating the scene, the noticed a couple of holes
in the ceiling.  Upon further investigation, they discovered a couple of
hidden cameras.  Once over the bed, the other in the bathroom.  They also
found a tape.ö

ôJack always did like to watch,ö you say, leaning back in your chair.

ôJane, there were at least forty other women on that tape.  The last one, was
you.  They have everything on tape. ö

>
Striking a plea deal, you narrowly avoided the death penalty.  The rest of
your days you spend behind bars at the Midfield Womenĺs Correctional
Facility.

Confession

A 3hour comp entry
Written by Mystery
November 2004
