Loading game...

Cruel and Hilarious Punishment!
In the year 2086, Reality TV was running the world. It was unsafe to go
outside, so most families stayed inside and watched TV, hoping to get a
glimpse of the reality that they couldn't see.

Two reality shows continually battled for the #1 position in the Neilsen
ratings. 'Cruel and Hilarious Punishment' was a show dedicated to playing
violent pranks on people who had to leave their homes. 'It's Funny 'Cuz
You're Dead!' had a very similar premise, except most people were killed in
funny ways.

People who complained that these shows were evil and horrible, were usually
pranked to death the next day. With most people too scared to revolt against
the Reality TV show industry, they soon took over.

Violent riots began to occur between the rivaling shows as they both tried to
film the funniest pranks. That's where you come in. You've been hired by
'Cruel and Hilarious Punishment' to seek out footage for the next episode.
They want a huge, complicated prank that'll blow the viewers away. But 'It's
Funny 'Cuz You're Dead' has also sent a cameraman to gather some footage, so
it might be good to sabotage his exploits...

Good luck, and remember: If it's cruel, it's hilarious!

>
Archer Street
Archer Street once used to be beautiful, but now it's just an urban
wasteland. Flipped over cars form barricades all around you, some of them
still smoking from a recent riot. A hollowed out building is to the North,
it's delapidated sign hanging on by a thin cord. A thin man leans next to a
burnt vending machine, a cigarette dangles out of his mouth.

>The destroyed cars have sprayed gas and oil all over the paved street. You
watch as gasoline pours down an open manhole, into the sewers below.

>Gas and oil have been used for many hilarious incients in past episodes of
Cruel and Hilarious Punishment.

>At one time it was a cafe, now it's just a hole in the side of a structure.

>The neon sign was hanging off a single cord, sparks flying off of it.

>The sign dangles off the single cord, ready to fall at any minute.

>The thin man smokes his cigarette casually, almost beckoning you to play a
prank on him.

>You move north.
Destroyed Cafe
At one time this was a Cafe, now it's just a hole in the side of a building.
The rubble has been pushed out to make room for a home, with a bed and a few
cabinets set up on the gravel floor.  Sitting on a large rock in the corner
of the room is a steaming cup of coffee, and a jacket for the show 'It's
Funny 'Cuz You're Dead!'. Looks like a perfect chance for sabotage.

>The cabinets have stood up pretty well over the years,  there's only a few
rusty holes in them.

>You quickly scan through the cabinets, finding a sponge in one of them.
Deciding it could come in handy, you took it.

>A faded yellow sponge, with still lots of absorbtion power.

>It's a brown and black suede jacket that says 'It's Funny 'Cuz You're Dead!'
on the back.

>[take jacket]
You seach through the jacket's pockets but don't find anything useful.

>A styrofoam cup full of steaming hot coffee.

>You move south.
Archer Street
Archer Street once used to be beautiful, but now it's just an urban
wasteland. Flipped over cars form barricades all around you, some of them
still smoking from a recent riot. A hollowed out building is to the North,
it's delapidated sign hanging on by a thin cord. A thin man leans next to a
burnt vending machine, a cigarette dangles out of his mouth.

>You move down.
Sewer
The dank sewers are almost cleaner than the streets above. In the section
you're in, there's nothing too amazing. A few dirty matresses rest on the
damp stone floor where people lived at one time. A TV set still rests on a
cardboard box, the screen completely in. A thin river of green slime drains
down past your feet, further into the sewers.

>I'd be lying if I said it wasn't disgusting to look at.

>I'd rather get eaten by a bear.

>People don't do that in the future!

>The old TV is surrounded by hundreds and hundreds shards of glass.

>That's a lot of glass.

>You bend down a pick of a piece of jagged glass. Nice and sharp, stuff like
that always comes in handy with pranks.

>It's a nice jagged piece of glass. Stuff like this always comes in handy.

>A thin river of slime drains down the sewer floor. It smells terrible.

>Using the sponge, you're able to get some acidic slime.

>You move up.
Archer Street
Archer Street once used to be beautiful, but now it's just an urban
wasteland. Flipped over cars form barricades all around you, some of them
still smoking from a recent riot. A hollowed out building is to the North,
it's delapidated sign hanging on by a thin cord. A thin man leans next to a
burnt vending machine, a cigarette dangles out of his mouth.

>You move north.
Destroyed Cafe
At one time this was a Cafe, now it's just a hole in the side of a building.
The rubble has been pushed out to make room for a home, with a bed and a few
cabinets set up on the gravel floor.  Sitting on a large rock in the corner
of the room is a steaming cup of coffee, and a jacket for the show 'It's
Funny 'Cuz You're Dead!'. Looks like a perfect chance for sabotage.

>You dump the green slime into the coffee, shaking the cup so it'll settle in.
You hear a noise from the South, and the camera man comes in.

"Hey, what're you doing with my coffee?" he says to you, his eyebrows raised
in thought.

"Uhhh...just making it...coffier," you stutter back, handing it to him.

Without thinking, he gulps the coffee down. Everything seems fine for a few
seconds, until a sizzling noise began to emit from his mouth.

"Wow...this stuff get stronger every day," the camera man replies, a smile
growing on his face. "This is good. I need to get more. Screw the show, they
can get their own footage."

The camera man runs off, leaving his jacket behind. Well..the plan didn't go
exactly as you planned, but at least the other guy's gone.

>You move south.
Archer Street
Archer Street once used to be beautiful, but now it's just an urban
wasteland. Flipped over cars form barricades all around you, some of them
still smoking from a recent riot. A hollowed out building is to the North,
it's delapidated sign hanging on by a thin cord. A thin man leans next to a
burnt vending machine, a cigarette dangles out of his mouth.

>You clench the piece of glass in your mouth, and climb atop one of the
flipped over cars. You clutch the glass in your hand, and in one swoop, slice
the cord of the sign in two. The sign tumbles to the ground, sparks flying
out of it in every direction. Stray sparks hit the oil and fire covering the
ground, and a massive flame roars into the air. You grab your camera and hold
it up, taping the thin man as he runs down the street screaming in fear as
the fire follows closely behind him.

The footage is taken directly to the head of the show, who loves it. He
invites you up to his office, where he shakes your hand and gives you a
cigar.

"Good job out there. I could always need a guy like you out in the streets
making pranks," the boss said.

"I was thinking something...maybe we should make a change," you say, throwing
the cigar to the ground. "For too long have reality TV shows being
controlling people's lives. Families are too scared to go out into the
streets, yet they're not scared enough to stop watching the shows they're
fearful of. What kind of world is this? You've destroyed our reality, and
replaced it with your own. We should stop now, and let people come out of
their homes and live. What do you say?"

"No."

Congratulations!
