Loading game...

Donuts

_____

The Wife offers me a donut.

She says: Do do you want it?

_____

>"Rhetorical question, prick."

She continues: "I know you want it but I won't let you have it because you
aren't worth it. You aren't worthy of life. You aren't a father to your kids.
You run at the slightest trouble. You don't stand up for what you believe in.
You are constantly laughing at others and their misfortune when you are
really the unfortunate one; you are the man who cannot live without
destroying others."

I don't know where she's getting this from. Seriously.

Wherever it comes from, she believes it.

Because she's moving in on me.

Fast.

With a pot in her hand and a screwed face.

Do something.

—Continue—

Den
The den—if that's what you call it—is rapidly fading away into a puddle of
blue carpet. The seats, the sofa, the television on its fragile stand—all is
melting away. The walls are a horrid gray, the furniture a nightmarish blue.
I told the Wife to never buy such ugly colors because they wouldn't interact
well, but I was wrong. Here they are, all melting together.
The Wife is here.

>I move east.
Master Bedroom
The title of "Master" coming from the "Master Bedroom" belongs solely to the
Wife, who makes sure our bedspread is colored white and gray with flowers and
abstract designs. The bed also smells like roses all the time, which isn't
nearly as romantic as it sounds to her damn friends. But I'm getting
off-track. The room is—let's face it—a piece of shit I never would've asked
for; there's a dresser filled with the Wife's clothes and a small television
on top of it, so small that it makes me wonder why I would even bother
putting it there. (The Wife once said, smiling, "To keep the focus on what
happens on the bed." Wink, wink.) The Bitch.

Wife enters from the west.
Wife hits you.

>I slip under the bed. And wait.

A minute feels like an hour. An hour, a minute. In some strange way, time
distorts itself.

It reminds me of the old philosophical insight: who needs a timeless Heaven
if a few blissful moments can feel like eternity.

—Continue—

Mr. TDS presents...

Donuts
(for your interactive
enjoyment)

—Continue—

Okay. I'm drunk.

Really drunk, which leads me to believe that the bartender is slipping
something in there. Seriously, I'm daydreaming of killing my wife again.

The bartender leans over and tells me that some things I shouldn't share.

"I said that out loud?"

"Yeah. You're freaking me out. I'm starting to think I shouldn't serve you
anymore."

"Come on. Look how coherent I am." I mouth the letters "c-o-h-e-r-e-n-t" as
if to demonstrate my non-drunkenness.

"Yeah." He passes me another drink. I don't know the name of it so I sip it
slowly, cautiously.

I'm looking around and yup, it's the same old bar I always go to. The same
sad people inhabit it day after day; the same ugly, pathetic faces.

I know what you're thinking. It wasn't always this way, I'm telling you. I
started screwing up my life after my wife and son died. (Let's get this out
of the way: the Wife killed herself and took my son with her. Yeah. Real
tragic. Let's not dwell on it. Got it?) After that, I let myself go, as they
say in France.

—Continue—

"There's this hot thing over there eyeing you," the bartender says.

"Bullshit."

"No. Seriously. Look at the girl with the blue."

My eyes turn to see a woman with full breasts and cheeks just as bright. The
bartender wasn't lying when she said she was looking at me. She's staring
hard at me and I haven't turned away because having a woman stare at me, or
even look me directly in the face, is such a rarity that I can't completely
take in the situation. Not that I'm ugly, but I'm not cute either. I'm
average, an aesthetic blank sheet.

And I'm looking at this very, very sexy young lady, and she's licking her
lips.

"Goddamn. That shit only happens in the movies," the bartender says. "She
must see something in you that the other 99% of the female population
doesn't."

As the bartender goes off to serve someone, I say, "Back in my day, I was a
real player. I could have any woman I wanted. Shit, I was handsome." The
words are drawn out, slurred. I sound like I've been beaten in the jaw, and
I'm starting to feel like it too. The alcohol is taking its toll, and I'm
still not sure it hasn't been spiked or contaminated with something.

—Continue—

The bartender goes away to tend to a couple customers, and when he comes back
he has a piece of paper in his hand.

"I got something here for you," he says. "This girl sent you a note."

"A note. What is this, third grade? Who sends note?"

"I was thinking the same thing."

He drops the note on the bar and I pick it up. I open it and read. It says:

Your wife is alive and she's coming to kill you. If you want to live, call me
at 555-5363. A friend.

"Holy shit. It says my wife is alive and she's going to kill me."

The bartender's facial expression turns to wonder and shock. "Yeah that's
enough for you."

"It's so redundant...If my wife were alive I would automatically assume that
she wants to kill me. She's always did. And I her." I laugh but it's not
funny.

"Let me see." The bartender grabs the note out of my hands and scrutinizes it
for a few seconds, then says, "Really. I think you should go home now. The
only thing here is a phone number."

"What?" I take the note back and sure enough, it now reads: If you want me,
call me at 555-5363. "It wasn't like this a minute ago. She must have wrote
it in disappearing ink or something."

"Oh yeah, that's it. Look, why don't you just ask her if you're so sure?"

I look around and she's gone. No lady in blue. She's disappeared.

—Continue—

To be continued (maybe)..
Congratulations!
