Loading game...

The Curse of the Revenge of the Ghost of the Evil Chicken of Doom...Returns!
The year was 2800, Earth was nothing more than a memory in the minds of the
remaining humans. You were one of them, living on Mars, which McDonalds had
renaned 'McMars'. You lived in the Omega Complex, a compound that was named
'Rockingest place in the Galaxy' by Rolling Stone.

Not many people talked about Earth, but most knew what had happened. A large
army of chickens rose, led by a particularily evil chicken with two noses.
Their wild cock-a-doodle-doo's of death echoed through the vacant streets,
their tiny beaks pecking out eyes. Earth was doomed.

But that was all in the past, and the chickens were long gone. The Evil
Chicken of Doom was captured, and was made into a bucket of KFC's chicken.
The eater of the chicken was heard to exclaim 'This chicken tastes much more
evil than usual."

But make sure when you kill a chicken...

You finish the job...

Apartment
Your small apartment smells like a mixture of wet sock and burnt plastic.
The smell comes from the 'Smell-o-matic', which rests firmly on the side of a
bookshelf. A large wooden table in the center of the room has your latest
scientific project, a piece of warm ice. A tall metal statue of Abe Vigoda
sits in the corner of the roon, your hero.

You can go East into the outside hallway.

>
>
>
>You pull the evil chicken book from the shelf, and place it in your
abnormally large pants.

>Chapter 12: Ghosts of Evil Chickens of Doom

Who you're gonna call? Not the Ghostbusters because they're all dead. No,
only you can stop evil chicken ghosts, and I'm going to explain how.

Evil chicken ghosts can only see two things while in ghost shape: heat and
electrical waves. The only way to catch a chicken ghost, is to catch it in
electrical devices, such as smell-o-matics. How do you do this? Well, you
need to make a special machine to attach to the device. This machine is
called a 'Catch a Ghost' or C.A.G.

C.A.G's are easily created. You need two parts: An antenna (Which can be made
out of any long metal piece) and a melted battery. These two objects must be
put together together, and they form the C.A.G. Place the C.A.G. on the
electrical device which you want to use to trap the ghost, and you've got the
chicken right where you want him.

Caution: Eating ghost of chicken not recommended. If consumed, contact
mortician.

>You raise the ice high above your head, and drop it to the ground. As it
shatters, a loud cluck eerily echos through the room. A misty figure appears
of you, the evil chicken of doom. His ghostly face slowly looks at you, and
then vanishes as he moves on to terrorize the world.

Oh crap. That's not good. You have to catch the ghost of the evil chicken of
doom, before he gets revenge with a curse!

>You open your wallet and pull out you trusty credit card.

>You move east.
Main Hall
This is the main hall of the compound, that connects all the rooms together.
To the West is your apartment, the bathroom is to the North, and Donny's Dump
is to the East.

>You move east.
Donny's Dump
Donny's not the sharpest tool in the shack, which explains why he'd open up a
store that sold garbage. The room is littered with useless trash and junk,
with Donny sitting behind a desk with a large toothless grin on his face.

>"Howday pardner, welcome to Donny's Dump. What can I do for you today?"

1. "Why do you sell junk?"

2. "Do you have any specials today?"

3. "You should get some dentures."

>"As a matter of fact, we do. I'll sell you a strong metal saw that I found in
a Denny's dumpster, for $12,000."

>"Alright then, I'll just charge it to your credit card. Here you go sir, your
saw."

Donny hands you the saw he promised.

>You move west.
Main Hall
This is the main hall of the compound, that connects all the rooms together.
To the West is your apartment, the bathroom is to the North, and Donny's Dump
is to the East.

>You move north.
Bathroom
This bathroom was voted 'Best of the Best' by National Toiletries Weekly. It
features all of the latest in hi-tech bathroom technology: sinks, urinals,
and stalls. Plus, there's a hammock on the wall where Jojo the Radioactive
monkey usually sits, and he's there right now with his banjo in hand.

You can go West to the Hall, or North into a stall.

>You move north.
Stall
The small stall is quite normal, except for the large staircase that leads
downstairs into Big Al's Bathroom Diner.

>You move down.
Big Al's Bathroom Diner
Big Al created the diner after he realized he got hungry after going to the
bathroom. Of course, everyone wanted to come to a place that was under a
bathroon, and it became hugely popular. It's busy right now, and the huge
crowd of people make it hard to make anything out. You can see a counter way
ahead, where Big Al seems to have set up some of his equipment. A large TV
screen takes up the entire west wall, showing the latest Air Hocket Playoff
game.

>You walk over to the TV, and pick the remote off the floor in front of it.

>That was easy. You unscrew the screw with your hand, and pull the battery out
from within the remote.

>You place the battery in the microwave, and let it slowly melt. After a few
minutes, you pull the melted battery mess out and stick it into your pocket.

>You move up.
Stall
The small stall is quite normal, except for the large staircase that leads
downstairs into Big Al's Bathroom Diner.

>You move south.
Bathroom
This bathroom was voted 'Best of the Best' by National Toiletries Weekly. It
features all of the latest in hi-tech bathroom technology: sinks, urinals,
and stalls. Plus, there's a hammock on the wall where Jojo the Radioactive
monkey usually sits, and he's there right now with his banjo in hand.

You can go West to the Hall, or North into a stall.

>You move south.
Main Hall
This is the main hall of the compound, that connects all the rooms together.
To the West is your apartment, the bathroom is to the North, and Donny's Dump
is to the East.

>You move west.
Apartment
Your small apartment smells like a mixture of wet sock and burnt plastic.
The smell comes from the 'Smell-o-matic', which rests firmly on the side of a
bookshelf. A large wooden table in the center of the room sits empty, the
block of ice that used to lay on it now lies in pieces on the floor. A tall
metal statue of Abe Vigoda sits in the corner of the roon, your hero.

You can go East into the outside hallway.

>You quickly saw through the metal of the statue, and find yourself with the
top half of the spear.

>You add together the two items like the book said, and come up with the
C.A.G. Now you just need to put it on the smell-o-matic.

>You attach the C.A.G to the smell-o-matic and wait for something to happen.

Nothing does.

>Pushing the button gives a sudden jolt of power to the C.A.G, and it suddenly
begins to vibrate. A loud cluck squawks loudly, and the ghost of the evil
chicken suddenly appears in front of you. The C.A.G begins to suck the
chicken in, and soon everything is back to normal.

You take a quick sniff of the air. It smells like chicken.
The Ghost of the Evil Chicken of Doom has been captured...

But for how long?
