Loading game...

The Green Princess
"Princess my ass!" You mutter to yourself.
You flick your incredibily long and supple tongue in disgust.
"Just like a fairy tale.  Sure. Your fairy tale, my tragedy. Just stroll over
to my pond, kiss my dear Reggie. Poof! Instant Prince.  And away you go.
Happy ever after.  Well, that's what you think, sister! I know where you
live!"

Lily pad
You are on the comfy lily pad.  It seems empty without Reggie at your side,
flicking his tongue at passing insects. The pond water is to the east.

>You flick your prehensile tongue into the swarming insects and reel in a
juicy dragonfly. You feel much stronger.

>You hop off to confront the princess.
Pond
You are immersed in the familiar murky water of your pond. Soft scum
surrounds you.  The shore is to the east.

>You move east.
Pond
You are immersed in the familiar murky water of your pond. Soft scum
surrounds you.  The shore is to the east.

>You move east.
The Shore
Your web feet sink into the fragrant mud of the shore. You can't tell which
of the openings int he weeds might be a path, or which direction to go in.

Also here is a hat.

>You notice tracks in the mud, leading to the south.  That must be the path.

>You pick up the hat.

>You put on the hat.  It is rather large and does not make you look like
Jackie Kennedy. It does make you look vaguely human. At least to a guard
that's a heron.

>You hop closer to your battle with the princess.
Castle gate.
This is the entrance to the castle.  The castle lies to the south.  A guard
blocks your way.

Guard is here.

>You move south.
The throne room
You are in an elegant throne room that would probably impress you with its
magnificance if you were into interior design rather than being a simple love
lorn amphibian. Reggie lounges in  a corner. The princess is pointing a lugar
at you. You had better do something. Fast.

Reggie and Princess are here.

>You lash out with your tongue. You weren't actually aiming at the Princess'
nasty red sneering lips, but, well, your tongue was not exactly made for
indoor use.

EEyyyewwww!!!!

There is a loud pop.  The princess has turned into a frog.

A rather attractive frog, too.

"Say," she exclaims.  "You're quite a kisser. What say we lose the Pillsbury
Doughboy here.  I've got a swell fountain out in the back garden."

So you hop away with your fairy princess, to live hoppily ever after.

What a strange flick of fate!

Congratulations!
