Loading game...

The Amazing Uncle Griswold

The Amazing Uncle
Griswold

An ADRIFT Text Adventure by David Whyld
Written: May 2005 with ADRIFT Version 4, Release 46
E-Mail: dwhyld@gmail.com
Website: http://www.shadowvault.net

People playing the game for the first time should type ABOUT or INFO

...press a key...

Introduction

Visits from Uncle Griswold were always unusual. After all, Uncle Griswold was
unusual so it kind of went without saying that any time he chose to visit you
and your family, it was going to be an unusual visit. The last time he had
blown up the local police station (supposedly the chief of police was
possessed by evil forces and it was the only thing to do in the
circumstances) and the time before that he was being pursued by a group of
Hungarian karate nuns who scrawled slanderous graffiti on the side of the
house when they found out he was gone. The time before that…
   So it was with a sense dread when you got the call from him saying: "break
out the best rum, lass! I'm coming a-visitin'!"

...press a key...

The rest of the family reacted to it in different ways. Mother outright
refused to have him in the house. Father said they should quickly move and
lease out the place to a load of gypsies (whom Uncle Griswold is known to
have a morbid fear of for reasons best not dwelled upon). Grandmother Terise
- who has lived with you since being thrown out of the nursing home on
witchcraft allegations - thought everyone should arm themselves and shoot him
dead the moment he showed up. Your sister, Elaine, who was usually so busy
preening herself that she was almost oblivious to what went on in the rest of
the world, proposed the idea of simply locking the door and pretending
everyone was out.
   Finally, Mother turned to you and said, "and what about you, Shelly?"
   You shrugged. "Invite him in," you said.
   Which is probably why you don't often get asked for your opinion at times
like this.

...press a key...

Front Room
Front rooms are generally called 'front rooms' because they're at the front
of the house; your front room is different in that it's at the side. You're
not sure whether this is down to bizarre architecture, drunken house builders
or just your father's liking for being 'different'. Aside from being at the
side and not the front, the front room is wholly unremarkable: TV, video,
stereo, several shelves of books, a sofa and a chair. All very humdrum and
uninteresting.
   You see doors to the west leading into the kitchen and the east leading to
the hallway.

>
>
>
>You carry around a mental image of yourself in your mind and this mental
image is fourteen years old, unbelievably stunning in a gorgeous sort of
beautiful way (you might be a tad biased there admittedly). You've got blonde
hair which is actually light brown but access to your mother's dye cabinet
(yes, she's got a whole cabinet full of hair dyes) has given it the blonde
tint you wanted. You're not terribly tall but then as no one in your family
is either, you've learned to live with this. Oh, and you also tend to buy
shoes with extra long heels so you can have the satisfaction of looking down
on your father.

>It's one of the new, modern, super TVs: 87" screen, high definition, able to
pick up signals from the far side of Mars (assuming there are any TV stations
broadcasting from the far side of Mars which you're pretty sure there
aren't). It's so modern and so high tech that no one in the house actually
knows how to use it but because no one wants to admit that embarrassing
little fact, you all act like you're experts.

>The TV is amazingly modern, but the video looks like something that was
probably around in the 1800's. (Actually you're not sure they even had videos
back then, but if they did then they probably looked something like this.) It
doesn't have a timer, lacks fast forward and rewind and can't record stuff.
All it has, in fact, is just one big button on the front which, right now, is
just crying out for someone to press it.

>You extend your finger, lightly touch the button and…

...press a key...

Out pops a clunky old cassette. It lands on the floor with a thump (as indeed
it should because it's the size and shape of a brick) which seems to shake
the whole house. Wafting aside the clouds of dust which the cassette brings
with you, you pick it up. Engraved on the side of the cassette are the
ominous words: "The video cassette Shelly is NEVER EVER to be shown because
it would corrupt her fragile mind. On no account is she to be shown this
cassette. EVER."
   Hmmm…

>You blink. Where has the stereo gone? TV, video… no stereo. Weird. You were
sure it was there a moment ago but now it's disappeared.

>You glance at the titles, seeking something worth reading until Uncle
Griswold gets here.
   Nothing really catches your attention.

>There are upwards of five hundred books here, piled high on the shelves which
are groaning beneath their weight and threatening to collapse at any moment.
The sheer volume of books is surprising, not just because having five hundred
books in a front room is a bit unusual but because you've never seen anyone
in your family read them. Father reads the TV guide but that's about it. Your
mother, as far as you're aware, doesn't read anything at all. You doubt your
grandmother even knows what a book is.

>Mother has a thing for sofas that are big, grey and look somewhat like a
beached whale. Oh, and are so hard that you're liable to dislocate your spine
if you try sitting on. This is her most extreme sofa yet: twelve feet in
length, six feet wide and five feet high. How it fit through the door is
something of a mystery, but an even bigger one is: just what was your mother
thinking when she went ahead and blew your college fund on this monstrosity?

>One sofa, one chair. In a house with five people. You're sure there's
something a bit wrong there but, offhand, you can't remember a single time
when it's ever been a problem. After all, considering this chair is made of
plain, unadorned wood - and plain, unadorned wood currently suffering from a
severe dose of woodlice to boot - it's no real wonder that people seldom want
to sit on it.

>This looks like the sort of sofa under which you could imagine a whole horde
of nasty (albeit small) monsters skulk. Unfortunately, the underside of it is
every bit as dull and uninteresting as the top of it and consists of nothing
more than what you'd expect to see on the underside of any sofa.

>The chair being eaten away slowly but surely by an army of woodlice makes you
a little hesitant to go examining it too closely.

>"Shelly!" cries mother's voice from somewhere in the house. "I hope you're
not thinking of going into the kitchen! It's dangerous!"
   "I'm fourteen, mom!" you cry. "I think I'm quite capable of entering the
kitchen without having an accident!"
   But your mother is not listening. "No, no, no! Shelly, dear, be a honey
and wait for your uncle arriving. I'm sure he won't be long."
   You fume for a bit but realise that this is one argument that you're not
going to win.

>

Hallway
Your hallway has character. It's bright for a start. Blindingly so. Mother
thinks that the only way to paint a hallway is with big dollops of shocking
red paint and while anyone else might think this would make the hallway look
like a blood-soaked murder scene, not your mother. The gaudy coat stand and
gaudier hat dresser look almost tame by comparison.
   You see doors to the north leading to that room at the side of the house
called the front room, the front door (currently closed) to the east and a
flight of winding steps leading upwards to where all the bedrooms are.

>Free of coats. You keep yours in your room and you're not sure what everyone
else does with theirs. Just one look at the coat stand - which resembles a
small, withered tree perhaps fallen victim to some foul wasting disease -
makes you wish mother would just wake up and get some taste in décor one day.
She thinks it's fashionable, for mercy's sake!

>Yes, a hat dresser. You didn't know there were such things but, apparently,
there are because you're looking at one right now. Mother probably purchased
it on one of her day long shopping trips when she returns so overburdened
with bags that she can barely stand. In fact, you don't think she does stand.
She just falls forward, but very slowly, and in the general direction of her
house.
   The hat dresser appears to be locked.

The doorbell barks.
   Yes, you heard that right. It barks. Mother apparently thought that a
doorbell which made the sound of a bell was kind of boring so she had it
replaced with a barking one instead. Hmmm… barking and mother. Two words that
really should not be used in the same sentence but which often are.
   Anyway, someone is at the front door and no one else in the house seems
willing to go and open it. Looks like it's you on Door Opening Duty again.

>The front door is closed, keeping the horrors of the outside world firmly
outside where they belong. As a kid, you used to make believe there were
really horrible monsters out there, ready to abduct you to their lairs and
either eat you or turn you into a spider with bat ears (you always did have
an active imagination). Now you're a little older and have experienced the
reality that is school, you kind of wish the monsters would hurry up.

>You open the front door.
   And there, framed in the doorway, larger than life, a veritable mountain
of a man, his thick beard looking like a colony of badgers has taken
residence on his lower face, clad in a thick black coat which hasn't been
washed in decades, his eyes locked away behind a pair of wiry glasses,
clutching a suitcase in one hand the size of your wardrobe, is Uncle
Griswold. He looks just how you've always imagined a pirate would look. He's
even got the requisite parrot on his shoulder and hook in place of his right
hand.

...press a key...

"Aaaahha-hahahah!" he thunders, sweeping you up into his arms. "Why, it's me
dear sister-in-law, Melanie! I'd recognised that face anywheres! How are ye,
lass?"
   "It's Shelly actually," you say.
   He gives you a blank stare.
   "Your niece."
   Recognition dawns. "Aahahaha-hahahahah! So it is! So it is!" He strides
into the house, still carrying you and his suitcase (how he manages this with
just one hand you don't want to know). "Much to tell, Shelly my dear, much to
tell indeed. Seat yourself down and let me fill ye in. We don't have long."
   "Long until what, Uncle?" you ask, resisting the urge to sit down on
either the chair or the sofa.
   "Until the goblinoids get here," says Uncle Griswold, and proceeds to
relate to you a most strange and unusual tale…

...press a key...

And there you have it: the intro to The Amazing Uncle Griswold. If you liked
it, keep checking out this page for progress reports:
http://www.shadowvault.net/griswold.htm

When the full game is finished, it will be announced there first.

...press a key...

You're floating in a dark, empty void which looks suspiciously like a part of
the game that hasn't yet been written. Maybe if you hang around here for long
enough, something interesting will happen.

Or maybe you'd be better off just typing RESTART and having another go to see
if there is anything you missed the first time.
