Loading game...

A Masochist's Heaven
One morning, I woke up to find myself lying in a bathtub full of my own
blood. Pleasant, eh? Actually, it was pretty nice, mainly because I'm quite
the masochist. So I'm floating there above my body, and Death hops in. Lemme
tell ya, all that "long cloak and scythe" stuff is bull. Death wears a
Hawaiian shirt, sandals, shorts, and sunglasses.

"Good day," says Death to myself. "Of course, you're dead, so how good can it
be? Let's see..." Death flips through a sheaf of papers. "Ah. You're going to
heaven, my man! Enjoy!"

"But I don't want to go to Heaven! I'm a masochist!" I scream as I'm drawn up
through the ceiling toward the clouds...

Later...

"Well, sir," says St. Peter, "I'm afraid we can't just kick you down to hell,
you've been too good in your life to allow that."

"But I don't want to be here!" I emphasize. "I want to burn! I like pain!"

"Sorry, sir, but I can't help you."

I decide to go back to my heavenly apartment and sulk. The bed's too soft for
me, though. Everything's too comfortable.

Maybe I can do something to get kicked out of here...

>
>It's a tiny little table, made of marble which seems to rearrange the little
lines before my very eyes.  A bottle of bubbles is on the little table.

>It's a little bottle of bubble bath soap, kindly provided by heaven.

>I take the bottle of bubbles from the little table.

>I move north.
Cloud 9
Cloud 9 is supposedly the nicest place that ever could exist, excluding the
Garden of Eden, which is convieniently to the direct north. The cloud
squishes under my feet, but never enough to allow me to go through. To the
north is God's administrative building, where all the crap work goes on.

>I move north.
Garden of Eden
This place is just ENTIRELY too nice for me. The flowers are very fragrant,
and the trees all grow into shapes that resemble modern art. In front of me
is a great fountain, which only spits a bubble occasionally now. A gardener
flits about the place on his wings, tending to the flower beds with an apple
shaped watering can.

>It's shooting into the air a jet of water that seems to change colors and arc
and splash and all that nice stuff.

>(Your score has increased by 5)
I stealthily uncork the bubbles and dump them into the fountain. At once, the
fountain sends up a jet of bubbles. The gardener drops his watering can and
begins to tend the fountain. After a while, he has the bubbles under control,
and goes back to the garden.

>I pick up the apple-shaped watering can.

>I move south.
Cloud 9
Cloud 9 is supposedly the nicest place that ever could exist, excluding the
Garden of Eden, which is convieniently to the direct north. The cloud
squishes under my feet, but never enough to allow me to go through. To the
north is God's administrative building, where all the crap work goes on.

>(Your score has increased by 5)
I sprinkle some water from the can onto the little potted plant. Suddenly, it
springs to life, grows a great set of teeth, and chases away the angel at the
door to God's building.

>I walk into God's administrative building...
In the Big Man's office!
Well, I've gotten in to meet God. Now, what should I do? Can I convince him
to send me to Hell? I sure hope so. All the clouds and marble buildings are
getting to me. God himself sits before me at a desk.

>I can't really tell, all that divine light is impairing my vision.

>(Your score has increased by 5)
"How DARE you?!" bellows God. He points a divine finger at me (the middle
one) and a trap door opens beneath my feet. I plummet down into Hell. As I
drop into a lake of lava, and feel my skin melting, I think, "Ah... that's
more like it!"
Congratulations!
