Loading game...

Phoenix Destiny: Book One
ETERNAL ADRIFTWARE PRESENTS...

A GAME BY CHRIS TYSON

PHOENIX DESTINY: BOOK ONE

Welcome to Phoenix Destiny, Book One. This is a story about the greatest
legend ever told about, named Player, who is sent on a quest to save
existence...
Press any key to start the story

Town of Azeroth - Midnight, 31st of December, 1235

You are standing at the peak of a mountain, freezing, and a large red phoenix
is standing before you.

press any key to continue

"Who are you," you ask promptly. You have no idea how you got here, last you
remember you were sleeping with your spouse. You back away in fear that the
phoenix may be hostile.

press any key to continue

A gust of wind makes a large tree sway, sounding like it may snap at any
moment. "I am Kilik. You are the one the prophet's described. You will save
existence," speaks the phoenix in a deep commanding voice.

press any key to continue

"What, what do you mean I will save existence?" you stutter. You are quite
shocked and think you must be halucinating. The tree sways again in the wind,
this time more violently.

press any key to continue

"You will save existence, you will save me from dying," replies the phoenix.
The tree sways yet again, and a large branch flies off and collides on the
dusty ground.

press any key to continue

"Why will I save you from dying?" you ask. You are feeling nautious,
everything seems so real. "What will happen if you die?" you begin to yell.

press any key to continue

"I am the god of existence, and if I die, time will stop and nothing would of
ever existed. Each god of existence lives for one mellenium, but there are no
more gods to take my place. I am now 999, and I shall die in one year,"
replies the phoenix.

press any key to continue

"I don't believe you," you yell. "I am just imagining this," you think to
yourself. The tree gets pulled out of the ground with the immense force of
the wind and topples on it's side.

press any key to continue

You turn around and look at the tree on the ground. "What are you looking
at?" asks the phoenix. "Didn't you just see that tree get ripped out of the
ground?" you ask. "What tree?" the phoenix asks calmly. "That tree right over
there!" you point in the direction of the tree. "I don't see anything, was
there a tree there?" asks the phoenix now sounding even more confident in
himself. You turn around to where the tree should be, but in it's place is
just flat ground. "But I just saw a tree get ripped out of the ground by the
wind, and it fell over there!" you yell in astonishment. "I don't think that
tree ever existed," says the phoenix again.

press any key to continue

You turn towards the phoenix in astonishment, and then back to where the tree
was. "H-h-how did you do that?" you stutter. "I mearly made it exist," says
the phoenix. "Listen, I need you to take that amulet you are holding in your
hand to a man named Opus, he recides at the top of Mount Yuko, a terrible and
dangerous mountain," says the phoenix. You look down at your hand and see a
large golden amulet, clenched between your fingers.

press any key to continue

"I was never carrying that," you yell out in awe. You now start to believe
what the phoenix is saying, he is the god of existence, the tree was never
there, and the amulet was. "Why must I take this amulet to Opus?" you ask.
"Opus is the god of eternal life, and that amulet contains my soul. If Opus
can make my sole live for eternity, then time will not perish along with me,"
says the phoenix. "I must go now, just remember, fate is in your hands," says
the Phoenix.

press any key to continue

He then dissapears before your eyes, and you wake up with a startle, back in
bed.

Please read the readme before playing.
press any key to continue

Please enter your name:
>Please choose the player's gender (male or female):
>
Introduction
Please type one of the following races:
Human
Elf
Dwarve

>You are now a human.

>You are now a warrior.

>You are now 180 centimeters tall.

>You now weigh 80 kilograms.

>You are 25 years old.
You may now embark on your quest, but remember, there are many dangers
awaiting you...

>You move west.
Outside Of Your Hut
You are standing outside of your hut, which is to the east. A large oak tree
dominates most of your property, and casts a large shadow across the road
which leads west. Another small dirt path veers off to the southeast, which
heads down to a small stream. The sun is shining in the sky.

You can walk east, west and southeast.

>You move southeast.
By The Stream
You are standing at the end of the path by a quiet running stream. The water
is crystal clear and has a few pebbles lying at the bottom. Across the stream
is a large paddock which is owned by your neighbour. The sun is shining in
the sky. (to drink the water type drink water)

You can walk northwest.

>You kneel down on the ground and scoop up some water in your hand and drink
it. It tastes lovely, very refreshing.

>You move northwest.
Outside Of Your Hut
You are standing outside of your hut, which is to the east. A large oak tree
dominates most of your property, and casts a large shadow across the road
which leads west. Another small dirt path veers off to the southeast, which
heads down to a small stream. The sun is shining in the sky.

You can walk east, west and southeast.

>You move west.
At The Front Gate
You are standing at the front gate of your house. A small wooden mailbox with
the number 4 painted on it sits to the side of the road. The gate is made out
of a few wooden planks and a latch. The dirt road goes east back to your hut
and west onto the main road towards the city. The sun is shining in the sky.

You can walk east and west.

>You move west.
The Main Road
You are standing on the main road, which goes north to the mountains and
south to the town of Azeroth. To the east of you is your front gate. Lovely
flowers line the side of the road and the thick forest trees cast a lovely
shadow across the grass. The sun is shining in the sky.

You can walk east.
A man walks by carrying a sack of food he bought from the town.

>You start walking down the road, which heads to the town of Azeroth. Along
the way you admire the great pine forest which runs for miles down the main
road. The occasional villager walks by carrying a sack of food he bought from
town. About 20 minutes later you finally arrive near the town.

>You move south.
Idan Road - Northern End
You are standing at the northern end of Idan Road, a busy street full of
villagers and shops. The road is made out of large stone slabs. To the east
of you is the towns armoury, which is open from 6:00 - 20:00 and to the west
is the towns blacksmith, which is open 7:00 - 20:00. The road continues south
and north. The sun is shining in the sky.  Many people walk down the streets
looking through shop windows.

You can walk north and south.

>You move south.
Idan Road - Middle
You are standing in the middle Idan Road, which is surrounded by shops and
villagers. To the west is the Tavern, which is open from 9:00 - 24:00 and to
the east is Madam Karlan's Potion Store, which is open from 12:00 - 14:00.
The road continues north and south. The sun is shining in the sky.  Many
people walk down the streets looking through shop windows.

You can walk north and south.

>You move south.
At An Intersection
You are standing in the middle of an intersection, which heads north, south,
east and west down the long stone roads. The sun is shining in the sky..
Many people walk down the streets looking through shop windows.

You can walk north, east, south and west.
A crying little boy runs by being pursued by his mother.

>Date & Time
Time: 7:36
Date: It is the 1st of January, 1236 A.D

>Vitals
Energy Level: 283
Food Level: 283
Water Level: 213
Stomach Capacity: 51 out of 200
Alcohol Level: 0 out of 25

>Wealth
Gold: 100

>Do you really want to quit? [Y/N]
