Loading game...

Pieces of eden

It wasn't supposed to be this way. Your instructions were simple. Get in.
Eliminate the target. Get out.
It's not even as if this sort of thing was unusual to you - taking the life
of another.
There might have been a time, a long, long time ago, when you might have
hesitated. When the word 'Kill' conjured images of horror, of the wrong thing
to do.
The beauty of youthful ignorance is sometimes overlooked.

press a key

The eyes of your victims have always had the undesirable effect of bringing
memories of yours to the surface that are best left buried.
More often than not it's the image of the last unfortunate whose life you've
taken. It's like they're in league sometimes, never truly dying, just passing
their last breath on to the next in line for you to choke on.
You've been called paranoid - but in your line of work, being speculative can
mean the difference between a paycheck and a headstone.

press a key

This was different though. No matter what you see in those eyes - fear,
anger, acceptance - you always manage to get the job done.
Why was last night so different?

press a key

Coffee shop
"Get you anything else, hun?"

You decline the waitress' offer.
It was within her rights to ask. After all, you've been nursing the same shot
of expresso for well over an hour now, taking minute sips.
The caffeine aids your concentration, but your lack of focus on the world
around you means that the effect of this is only to send you deeper into your
own thoughts.

Press a key

The world tears into focus as approaching sirens pervade your thoughts.
Second guessing their destinations is not required. Like an ironic twist on
those old greek myths, the sound of sirens always seem to be drawn to you.

Press a key

You don't know exactly why is it that your about to be arrested, but your
instincts tell you it's better not to find out. It would be a good idea to
make a sharp exit.

Press a key

The rest of the customers seem oblivious to your presence, it's late, and
they're all more concerned with their own individual pursuits. The waitress
has also made herself scarce. Behind the counter, Steve, the burly owner,
reads the paper and picks absent mindedly at a blueberry muffin. Hanging
strip lights dimly illuminate the shop. You are standing in a raised area,
tucked away in the corner of the shop. On the table beside you is your
wallet, which contains some loose change, and a plastic card you used to
check into your hotel last night. The front door to the street is to the
east. The exit leading to the back alley is to the west.

>You take the wallet, which contains the hotel keycard and the loose change.

>Being a gentleman, you walk over to the counter and pay the owner before you
make your escape. Steve nods at you in thanks.

"Come again"

He says

Something tells you that your going to have to avoid this place for a little
while.

>You move west.
Alley

You burst into the back alley. Your head and heart are pounding in unison.
Thoughts of betrayal swim around your head like sharks waiting for for the
kill.
Your benefactors must have been less than impressed with last nights efforts.
If they were, strings would have been pulled and the police would be the
least of your worries.

Press a key

In your haste to escape from your pursuers, you burst through the door so
hard you have knocked an officer who was waiting in the alley unconscious. No
other officers are here - the police obviously didn't count that highly on
you making your exit this way.

Press a key

The 'Alley' consists of two corrugated iron walls, fixed together in an 'L'
shape. Whoever concreted the original earth here did a poor job, and patches
of grass sprout out at various points of the ground. The unconscious police
officer lays opposite you, and shows no signs of stirring. At the end of the
alley to the north, there is an exit to the street.

There is a number spraypainted on the walls.

>It is a police officer, wearing full uniform. He is out cold.

>It is a police uniform

>Looking at the spraypainted number on the wall causes memories to start
flooding into your mind.

'104'

104. The number of your hotel room. Just before you left, you'd done
something important. Something in preperation.

Remember the number 104.

>Scrabbling desperately, you remove the uniform from the officer.

>The uniform fits. You should now be sufficiently disguised to make your
escape.

>You move north.
Front of shop
You move cautiously into the street. A couple and a few children are standing
around, waiting to see what all the commotion is about. Fear isn't something
you usually experience, but it could just keep you from an undisirable end
here. your running on the longing to piece together the events of the night
before.

Press a key

Aside from the interested pedestrians, the street is swarming with armed
officers. Whatever you did, it couldn't have been pretty. The august trees
paint the skyline with orange and auburn leaves. Your disguise won't last
forever, and your quickly running out of options.

Press a key

Out of the corner of your eye, a man beckons to you.

"Over here" he says. A hushed voice and a forced tone dress his words.

you can

1.)  Talk to the man.
2.)  Exit the street

>You approach the man. He is dressed in fairly pedestrian clothes - a coat and
jeans. He talks to you directly, but he never allows your eyes to meet.

"Theres more to this than you think"

You make a mental check that you hadn't actually considered the reason for
this sudden flood of law enforcement - you'd just reacted.

"Show me your hand"

You look at the man hard. He is looking around anxiously. Perhaps aware -
like you, the police could see through your disguise any minute. He repeats
himself.

"Show me your hand"

You don't know whether or not to trust this man or not, but you really don't
have a choice

1a.) Do as he asks

There may be another way....

>
The coin!

You memory was all shadows. Shadows and a face you never want to see again.
The gold coin with the engraving of the serpent on it. Something to 'prove
your loyalty when the time comes'

Loyalty isn't something you've had much experience with.

Prison on the other hand, is, and you decide that you'd do anything to avoid
going back.

You show the man the coin. He smiles grimly.

"Assassin...you are about to become a shadow.."

END OF PART ONE...
Congratulations!
