Loading game...

Untitled
Having just gotten back from the grocery store one day, you are unloading
food, and suddenly a can of SPAM© catches your eye.

Hmm, you know, I've always wondered what's in SPAM©. Why don't I have a look?
But when you pick up the can, all it says is:

For nutritional information and ingredients, call our customer
dissatisfaction hotline at 1-800-AHA-HAHA.

You get on the phone and call, and you are answered with:

All our representatives are busy right now, thank you for holding. Estimated
time remaining: 359 hours, 42 minutes.

It might just be you, but that seemed to be delivered with a touch of
sarcasm, and you think you heard a faint chuckle near the end. Well, you
don't have 359 hours, 42 minutes to blow any time soon, so that's out.  And
so, you embark on:

The quest for SPAM©!

So, how do you intend to find out what's in SPAM©?

>
>You pick up the can of SPAM©.

>You move north.
Driveway
Your car is here.

>You don't have your car keys!

>You move south.
Kitchen
The usual refrigerator, stove, and the like are all here, along with
groceries, and a can of SPAM©.

Oh, and your car keys are on the counter.

>You pick up car keys.

>You move north.
Driveway
Your car is here.

>(Your score has increased by 10)
You get in your car.

>You start the car, and head for the address printed on the label of the can
of SPAM©.

>You move north.
Inside SPAM© Headquarters
You are at a desk. There is a receptionist here, typing away at a computer.

The Receptionist is here.

>(Your score has increased by 10)
The receptionist looks up at you. "Did you say...." "Say what," you say, "
Ingredients?\”  She gasps, and hits a button. An alarm starts going off! Gas
starts to fill the room, and the next thing you know, you are in a cell
shackled to the wall.

>Time passes...

>Time passes...

A guard comes in, unshackles you, and escorts you to the office of the C.E.O.
of SPAM©, Inc.

>Time passes...

The CEO walks in. "So, you want to know what's in SPAM(©), eh? Did you know
you are the first person to ask the question?" You shake your head.  "Ever?"
You shake your head. "No?" You shake your head. "Don't look so surprised."
You see, no one is supposed to ask that. Would you like to know why?" You nod
your head. "Well, I'll tell you. Do you want to know why?" You have a felling
that you don't. "Because I'm going to SPAM you after this!" he continues,
"For years, SPAM© has been a joke. When my father started the company, he was
outraged that anyone could consider SPAM© humorous. When he died, and I took
over the company, I learned to make it work for me. You see, if everyone
considers it a joke, nobody will suspect it of operating the largest
conspiracies since the X-Files. Because we're putting mind-control drugs in
it. Soon SPAM©, Inc. will have a monopoly on all potted lunchmeat products
all over the world! MUHAHAHA!" Quick! Do something! He's getting out his
SPAMRAY©!!!!!

>You tackle the CEO, open his jaws and force the SPAM© down his piehole.
Within minutes, he is under control of the drug. You manage to get him to
give you control of the company. Now YOU will have a monopoly on potted
lunchmeat products!

Your rank for this game is Spam King
...The highest rank of all! You rule!
Congratulations!
