Loading game...

Introduction

Silk  Road  Secrets

(Samarkand to Lop Nor)

by C.Henshaw

For many days, you have been trudging across the torso of the world - through
the cradle of civilization in old Babylonia and Chaldea, across the great
Black Desert of Khurasan, and now into the Transoxanian territory of the Khan
of Samarkand. Thousands of miles of paved road, dirt track, unmarked desert
navigable only by the stars, mountain path and river bank have finally
brought you here - to the city of a man who summoned you to arrive on this
day, at this very hour.

You are known as Beghram of Tokharia, born 25 years ago in the secluded Hindu
Kush, and exiled from said homeland at the age of fifteen. In actual fact you
are Beghram of Nowhere, due to complicated tribal intrigues and foriegn
influences on the politics of Tokharia. In the intervening decade you have
become skilled at seeking occupation in the mercenarial and protection
trades, ultimately in search not of fortune (although, if successful, that
would be an inevitable side-effect), not even your honour (that also will
come) - but for restitution with your homeland, your tribe, and your
scattered family.

You left a lucrative position as head bodyguard of a Persian diplomat
stationed in Damascus - the promised rewards for this as-yet-unexplained
mission in Transoxania far surpassing any career you may have squandered by
leaving your post. By horse, by camel, and on foot you wasted no time getting
to these gates, which stand in front of you wide open, beckoning you to come,
enter and begin.

Press any key

On first play, type 'info'.

Marketplace
A paved road leads from the Pamir, or Southern Gate to the main martketplace
of Samarkand's shakhristan, or inner city. Aligned in orderly rows in some
areas, higgledy-piggledy in others, a multitute of stalls with goods for sale
or exchange surround you. Hundreds of people bustle around the square buying
goods, pulling laden donkeys, minding tethered livestock, hawking chickens or
silks or radishes - a normal busy market day . Music from entertainers and
smells from living beings as well as cooked food fills the air.

All you can think about is the offer of the Khan.

Once you are orientated, you realise that there is a steep ramp to the east,
leading to the high citadel. Pillars of brick and a high dome indicate the
Khan's palace which towers above the fortification wall that surrounds the
city.

>This game has been reduced to three rooms for the ADRIFT Intro Comp, 2005.
Eventual completion of this game (to be the first of two parts) is expected
sometime this year. Type 'map' to bring up the Silk Road map, included simply
for the curious.

>You move east.
Citadel
From the top of the citadel, the city of Samarkand stretches out in front of
you, famed for its academics, craftsmen and cosmopolitan nature. It is also
fiercely independent by nature, although the Khan is a nominal vassal of the
Caliph at Baghdad. In the middle distance the white dome of the Mosque, and a
carpet of green trees and gardens nearly hide most of the low mudbrick
buildings in the shakhristan.

Beyond the walls of the city, the steppe flows to a distant, shimmering
horizon past an irregular patch of green irrigated fields alongside the river
Zarafshan that flows nearby. The mountains to the south draw your eye, but
you must turn away from them for a short while longer.
The armoured guards, obviously recognising you by your Tokharian warrior
attire, and aware of your arrival at this hour on this day, move aside to let
you pass into the Great Hall.

The palace is plastered brick and stone, with wall coverings intricately
carved and frescoed with traditional geometrical and floral designs
surrounding scenes of the hunt dating back to earlier Persian traditions. The
Great Hall is dark and cool, a welcome relief from the searing heat of the
city.

A short, stocky man who is obviously the Khan of Samarkand, steps off a dias
at the end of the room and eyes you fixedly.

'Young Beghram of Tokharia - I see you obey my summons...'

And so begins the courtly exhange of greetings and rejoinders, both of you
speaking in Persian, the lingua franca. Eventually the Khan gets down to
business, and lowering his voice, commands you to swear upon your life to
undertake the mission to be requested, in exchange for an instrument you have
been searching for this past decade. The Sword of Nismus, your ancestor.

'As prophesied in the Quarum Sutra, this sword will do for you what returning
my possessions will do for me.' You notice a tic in the Khan's dark eye - his
intense gaze reminds you briefly of a madman you once encountered.

The Khan holds out his hand, and a slave on bended knee hands him a long
tassled scabbard. Your heart begins to pound, as for an instant you think
this may be the fabled sword, seen by no man for a hundred years or more. But
no, of course it isn't. Not yet.

'You have shown trust by entering Samarkand unarmed. To demonstrate the
sincerity of my mission, I give you my personal sword, the 'Jan-wa', won in
battle at Khojand. This sword is Chinese crafted, but has certain, shall I
say, characteristics that will come in useful to you. I will expects its
return when I give you the Sword of Nismus.'

The Khan holds the scabbard out to you.

>You graciously accept the sword with two hands and bow to the Khan,
disappointed, but grateful for a weapon at least.

Suddenly the Khan reaches for the sword, grasping it in the middle between
your two hands so that you cannot move it. Looking at you fiercely, he
explains his mission in cryptic sentences.

'I am in grave jeapordy. Not, perhaps, of my life, but of a fate similar to
yours. These animals must be returned to me - and the blame for thier
disappearance must be borne by the Hun tribe of the Issyk-Kul. Then I will
give you what you rightly seek. Go soon Beghram of Tokharia. Do not delay
here for even a day. Go to China.'

You nod, suprised, as the actual mission to be undertaken should not have
been revealed for at least three days, while the Khan devised various tests
to assure himself of your honesty and loyalty whilst residing in his city.
Although to be fair, the Khan did not fully explain the mission. You open
your mouth to ask for clarification, but before you can do so a councillor
rushes up to the Khan, bowing obsequiously, a stricken look on his face. The
Khan sharply releases the sword to you and takes the councillor by the arm,
quickly rushing out of the room.

You realise you are still standing, with sword held horizontally, several
minutes later. Is this all you are going to know? Is this all he is going to
tell you? You came all the way from Damascus - thousands of miles of overland
routes through mountain and desert, to be told to recover some animals from
China?

There must be someone who can tell you more - at least some rumour of what is
so important to the Khan, that he would give up the Sword of Nismus,
presumably buried in one of his vaults somewhere.

>You move west.
Marketplace
The market continues to hum and bustle with activity. The smell of cooking
food fills your senses, and you are nearly diverted by sizzling shashlik -
strips of juicy  grilled mutton threaded along a stick. But you know that
destinies don't wait for the hungrey bellies of men.

The paved road continues towards the center of the city. You can see that the
Mosque is off somewhere to your right, but as a non-Muslim, you would not be
allowed to enter. Scanning the buildings through thier screen of trees, you
manage to locate the city's Zoroastrian Shrine to the northeast.

>You move northeast.
Zoroastrian Shrine
The shrine is small and humble, showing its inferior status to the recently
adopted and near-universal Arab religion. This structure has obviously been
downsized, with crumbling walls and only one small wooden door.

The interior of the shrine is bathed in a red, flickering light. You don't
know how long the religion has been practiced in this city, but the flame
could have been continually burning for hundreds of years.
The priest sucks on his pipe, gazing dolefully at the eternal flame.

It takes a moment for your eyes to adjust to the reddish gloom, but you can
immediately make out the eternal flame in the corner, and the fire-worshipper
crouched next to it. Bittersweet memories, from your childhood visits to a
similar shrine, stop you on the threshold. You have not been in sight of a
sacred flame since you left your family lands - and you feel a familiar rush
of awe and mystery in the presence of the old priest and his gentle flame.

>'I cannot discuss your quest with you. Besides, I don't know what will happen
to you.' The priest looks at you for the first time, out of the corner of his
eye.

>The man takes the pipe out of his mouth.

'Those horses, its all a big sham. It was started by the Prince of Erh-Shih
before Zoroaster was given the holy prophesies. They have started wars,
toppled kings, and yet they are merely beasts of burden. If it wasn't for the
strange flecks of blood that appear on thier skin when they are ridden at a
gallop, the world would be so different today. The Khan places great trust in
the power thier mythological prowess has for impressing the populace. He
should instead trust in good leadership skills, and law-keeping.

You would be more successful if you forgot about these horses and thought
instead of the omens for anticipating danger, and the articles of protection
for preventing it.

>The priest dips a finger in the oil channel, checking its depth.

'There are signs, given to us by nature, that you may or may not know. I
cannot tell you what they mean for you, in particular, but I want you to keep
an eye out, in case they warn of danger. And if you are heading across the
Tian Shan and the Taklamakan desert, you WILL find danger.

Three signs you must remember. The snake - it usually has something to do
with health as the ancients have always known. The vulture - you will already
know that this is an omen of death by violence. It could be you, a friend or
an enemy, but take heed in any case. The fly - keep watch in your environment
(although it may also indicate your state of cleanliness). '

>Lifting a sandaled foot, the priest strikes a match on it and relights his
pipe, which has gone out in a sudden gust of wind. He seems nervous and looks
over his left shoulder, then his right.

You hadn't noticed until now that his hand was in a pocket this whole time.
He brings it out and you see a small object on his creased palm.

'Take it - you don't need to know what it's for, just keep it on you
somewhere, hidden. If the Issyk-Kul find this on you, they will burn you
alive, for they believe it to be the gift of a demon.'

>'The Khan is not of our religion, but he seems to have the teachings of
Zoroaster at heart. You should trust him. But be warned - he is in some
trouble around here.'

>You sit down and shift your sword behind you.

The priest gazes at the flickering flame, which is only about 5 inches high.
'There is so much you don't know Beghram.'

'How do you know my name?'

The priest sighs again. 'You don't want to know. I wish I didn't. And all for
the beasts they call 'Heavenly''. He snorts and pulls out a pipe.

>You move southwest.
Marketplace
The market continues to hum and bustle with activity. The smell of cooking
food fills your senses, and you are nearly diverted by sizzling shashlik -
strips of juicy  grilled mutton threaded along a stick. But you know that
destinies don't wait for the hungrey bellies of men.

The paved road continues towards the center of the city. You can see that the
Mosque is off somewhere to your right, but as a non-Muslim, you would not be
allowed to enter. Scanning the buildings through thier screen of trees, you
manage to locate the city's Zoroastrian Shrine to the northeast.

>Do you really want to quit? [Y/N]
