Loading game...

The Cave of Morpheus
[For information about this game, please type "credits". For instructions
about how to play, type "instructions."]

"So, it, like, always starts the same way. There's this bright sunlight
pouring through the window, and I'm lying in my bed in Ionesco Hall, wide
awake, but I can't get up! And the alarm clock is ringing...louder and
louder...like thunder...horrible...

In My Dorm Room
My room's lit up by this sort of sickly light, and of course it's a total
mess. Along with the alarm clock there's an old pizza box, a library book
open to where I was reading it last night, at least one visible pair of dirty
underwear...and the place seems incredibly small, this morning, almost like
I'm in a dark  little cave under the earth, with the walls dripping quietly
and the rest of the world a hundred yards up above my head. The door  is
open, and there's a chily draft coming in through it from the stairwell to
the north. Must be a cold front moving in...

 When I  look over at the alarm clock, I notice that it's...ohmigod - 8:55
AM!! But...but...my Western Civilizations exam is at nine! If I don't score
at least a B on that thing, my ass is dust. Seriously - we're talking
job-at-MacDonalds, disowned-by-parents, dead-in-a-gutter-at-age-twenty-five
kind of trouble here. How could I have let this happen? I get hit by this
huge wave of guilt and nausea, but I know I have to get out of bed, like,
right away...

Also here is a letter from mom and a library book.

>(Getting off the old pizza box first)
I move north.
Outside of My Dorm Room
It's awfully cold out here in the hallway. None of the other guys from my
floor seem to be around. Perhaps they're at another one of those parties I
never get invited to. There's a door that goes down to the first floor
straight ahead.

>I move north.
At the Top of the Stairwell
My room is on the top floor of the building - the stairs from here go down
one floor to the courtyard. I'd better get a move on!

>I move down.
At the Bottom of the Stairwell
An open  doorway here leads north in the direction of the courtyard. The door
has apparently been removed. Some fellow inhabitant has puked on the tiles at
the bottom of the stairs. Walking through this slippery little deposit does
not add to the charm of my situation.

>I move north.
At the Back of the Courtyard
Ionesco Hall's interior courtyard - or "quadrangle," as I've heard some
pretentious upper-years call it - consists of four patches of low, slightly
unkempt grass separated by narrow gravel paths. The paths lead northward to
the hall porter's desk and east and west to two side entries to the building.
The air here is cool, damp and feels sort of creepy, like marsh gas, against
my naked skin.

Nobody ever, ever walks on the grass here, for some reason. Pure
superstition, I'm guessing. I mean, it's not like the hand of God is going to
reach down and squash anyone who so much as bends a single blade of grass
beneath his feet...
Straight to the north there is a small, decorative fountain.

>I move north.
Beside the Fountain
This is an  ugly ornamental fountain that some rich alumnus donated to the
University back in the 'seventies. It's just a round concrete pool with flat
black stones at the bottom and a short metal  spout sticking up from the
middle, painted bright pink  and dribbling warm water slowly downward along
its side. The thinly trickling sound of the water as it oozes down the spout
makes me nauseous...and also gives me a curious feeling of inadequacy, for
some reason.

I think I  saw something moving in there! Just a little beneath the surface
of the water...

>I move north.
At the Front of the Courtyard
Here a broad wooden door stands open, leading northward to the main entrance
to Ionesco Hall. Through the gloom of the building's main foyer can just
barely see that the front door is open! I might just make it to that exam in
time, if I really boot...

>I move north.
In the Foyer, By the Hall Porter's Desk
Hanging up over my head on the back wall of the foyer is the University's
crest, engraved on a thick sheet of  painted steel. To my right as I face
toward the front door is a small, enclosed desk area where Lester Squeems,
the aged Porter to Ionesco Hall, usually sits in a chair reading the paper
and doing...well, whatever else it is that aged Hall Porters are supposed to
do, I guess. He's not here today, though, and the door to his room behind the
desk is shut fast.

 Time's tight! The clock above his desk says 8:59! Must hurry! Must hurry!

>I move north.
On the Front Steps of Ionesco Hall
The wind whistles disturbingly around me. I'm standing on the great stone
staircase of Ionesco hall. Before me is the main street of the University
campus - Purgebody Avenue, complete with its usual aroma of street vendors'
hot dogs and its endless, faceless army of students, each  trudging,
empty-eyed, toward who knows what destination. Curiously, they all seem to be
traveling in one direction.  There are only two directions one can go from
here - down the steps into the onrushing tide of humanity, some of whom have
already begun to snicker at my visible nudity, and back into the welcoming
gates of Ionesco hall. I wonder to myself for just a moment whether it's
really so very important to me to take this freakin' exam after all...

>

As soon as I leave the grounds of the college I suddenly realize that I'm
completely naked, and  in full view of the public. There's a crowd of people
walking by, and of course I recognize every one of them. There's Bucky from
my Russian Grammar class, peering up at me from under his filthy ballcap.
There's that sexy redhead I see in the library sometimes, who's always
talking on her cell phone. They all turn their heads at once to look at
me...and then just keep moving down the street, with disgusted looks on their
faces, as though they've just seen a dead bird or a mound of dog poo. God,
the shame...

Standing on Purgebody Avenue
A few stray leaves and fast-food wrappers drift aimlessly amongst the parade
of gloomy-looking undergraduates that marches in endless procession along
this narrow street.
Ohmigosh....through the dismal morning fog, I glimpse a hooded figure, making
its way toward me with frightful, footless speed, and carrying a fearsome
looking farming implement over its bowed and hooded head. Its face is hidden
but there's no mistaking it - I'm being chased by Death himself!

>I move north.
Down a Moist and Unlit Alleyway
Having managed to cross the sea of bodies I now need to head north to the
classroom where my exam is taking place - straight down an alleyway between
two nameless redbrick buildings. This narrow walkway is a well-known location
for hazings, molestations and sordid rendezvous' on campus after dark. No
time to be nervous now, though - the Grim Reaper is hot on my trail!

Death drifts along the asphalt towards me, silent and precise in his
relentless pursuit from the south.
Death hits you.

>I move north.
Further Down an Increasingly Dank and Unpleasant Alleyway
The light seems awfully dim here, given that it's supposed to be early
morning. Far ahead I see through the morning fog the vague outline of
something that looks like a huge, dark wooden door.

Ugh - I just stepped on something soft and unpleasant. I look downward.

Also here is a soft and unpleasant thing.

Death drifts along the asphalt towards me, silent and precise in his
relentless pursuit from the south.

>I move north.
Before the Great Wooden Door
This is it - my classroom. If I can just get through this door before the
9:00 AM bell sounds, I may be able to cheat Death - along with misfortune,
humiliation, and the sort of flu you get from walking around the campus nude
in a thick early-morning fog.

Death drifts along the asphalt towards me, silent and precise in his
relentless pursuit from the south.
Death hits you.

>I pull hard on the cold iron handle of the door and step forward into...

Nothingness....

...and then I'm falling...falling...

[This ends the first part of "The Cave of Morpheus." To continue, please open
the file entitled "tcom2"]
