Loading game...

The Amulet
(C) Copyright 2004 - Daniel Hiebert - All Rights Reserved

It has taken you many years of research alone to track down the ancient crypt
of the legendary Lord An.  With luck, you have made it this far to the
anteroom of the crypt itself.  Buried with Lord An is the amulet of An.  The
amulet itself is a blood red ruby the size of a man's fist.  Valuable beyond
imagination, the amulet was also used as a focus of power for the Lord An.
To you, as a war mage, some of its lesser properties will provide you with a
great boost.

But first, you must obtain the amulet without being killed.  Your research
has already indicated that going into the chamber is automatic death.  You
will have to find another way to bring it out.

[Type 'spells' or 'x me' to list the spells you still know.]
[Type 'notes' for the author's notes.]

>This game was intended to be either a 1 hour or clever 1 room game.  However,
at the end of 1 hour, it was discovered that I was being too ambitious to get
everything coded in an hour.  The 1 room game qualification also relied a
little too heavily on specific interpretations of a 1 room game.  I.e. there
are 2 rooms here; however you as a player must remain in the first.

Then along comes a great forum idea; the three hour competition.   Taking
into consideration that I've already spent an hour on this taf, I've just
been given two more!  Well, here I sit on my last hour & I still don't think
that I'll stuff everything that I wanted to.  But the taf is completeable.

There is two tech demo items in this taf for myself.  The first is the spell
system that tracks spells "in memory".  The player can 'cast spell on object'
and the spell no longer shows up as known.  The player can relearn the spells
by reading through his spell book.  The second tech demo is the ability to
examine objects in another room from the 1st room.  This involves some
detailed work with dynamic objects in the rooms that the object does not
exist.  Hopefully, the smoke and mirrors approach keeps the all-important
mimesis.

I've no intentions of taking this small game any further.  I've excited about
the opportunity of taking it off of my "almost completed" list and actually
be able to submit it to a competition.

Thank you,
Daniel Hiebert (Tech)
www.eipublishing.com
eipub@eipublishing.com

>The following spells are still in your memory:
Levitate
Turn Undead

>Looking into the crypt you see...
Crypt of Lord An
Inside of an open stone sarcophagus, the ancient remains of Lord An stand.
Clothed in tattered rags, Lord An's remains do not look as old as they are.

Around his neck, the Lord An's blood red ruby amulet sparkles in the
firelight.  Perched atop the stone sarcophagus is a mummified bat.  A thin
unsheathed silver blade lies next to the remains.

>
Crypt Anteroom
Fifteen feet on a side, this is the anteroom to the crypt of the Lord An,
legendary war mage.  The crypt can be seen to the north through an archway
ten feet across.  Runic markings are engraved into the stones around the
archway.  Light is provided by roaring flames held by iron stands to each
side of the archway.  To the south is a stone stairway leading up to the
crypt exit.  Runic markings are engraved around the doorway.

A human skeleton lies half buried in the floor in the corner of the room.
Perched atop the stone sarcophagus is a mummified bat.

>Poking through the remains of the skeleton, you find some iron fittings and a
long piece of wood.  Both probably belonged to some weapon this adventurer
carried.

>You find nothing more in the skeleton.

>You are carrying the spell book, a four foot piece wood and the iron
fittings.

>Casting the levitate spell onto the amulet, you see the amulet rise from
around the Lord An's neck.  Momentarily hung up, the gold chain jostles the
skeleton until the amulet floats free.
Disturbing the amulet wakens the mummified bat from its perch atop the
sarcophagus.  With a piercing shriek, it flies straight towards you with
outstretched claws.

>
Crypt Anteroom
Fifteen feet on a side, this is the anteroom to the crypt of the Lord An,
legendary war mage.  The crypt can be seen to the north through an archway
ten feet across.  Runic markings are engraved into the stones around the
archway.  Light is provided by roaring flames held by iron stands to each
side of the archway.  To the south is a stone stairway leading up to the
crypt exit.  Runic markings are engraved around the doorway.

A human skeleton lies half buried in the floor in the corner of the room.
Swooping back and forth in an agitated manner, an ancient mummified bat
attempts to rake out your eyes and throat with each pass.
On the last pass, the mummified bat barely misses digging its claws into your
eye socket.

>A warm orange aura blazes from your outstreched hand towards the flying bat.
Engulfing the bat, it shrieks in pain as the magic causes the bat to
disintegrate mid-air.  Its ashes float down gently across the floor of the
room.

>Using the four foot piece of wood, you're able to hook the amulet and bring
it over to you from the crypt.  Gleefully, you snatch the amulet from mid-air
and quickly hang it around your neck.

>Bounding up the stone stairway two steps at a time, you feel the hair on your
head and neck stand up straight.  Lightning arcs out from the runic markings
along the wall and are warped to the around your body to where the ruby
amulet hangs from your neck.  With a sharp crack and sizzle, the lightning is
absorbed barely touching your chest.

Soon you reach the surface and break out into the light of day.  You look
down in glee at the glistening blood red treasure hanging around your neck.
Filled with pride and importance, you walk back towards town with it
displayed prominently outside your robes.  After a while, doubts seep into
your head as you think about how many others will attempt to rob you of your
power.

Slipping your amulet underneath your robes, you head back into town
apprehensive, yet triumphant!

Congratulations!
Congratulations!
