Loading game...

Untitled

The Cat in the Tree

Interactive Fiction
Copyright ｩ 2004 Artemis;
Version 1.0 / ADRIFT 4.00 Release 43 / Butcher Basic Pro 1.01b

  Entry for the One hour Mini-comp.

  You have ambled along a city sidewalk to find yourself looking at a very
beautiful woman under a large old maple tree in front of one of the stores.
She is standing under the tree, looking up into the broad, leafy branches.
Hearing you, she lowers her head.
  "Excuse me, kind sir," she says demurely. "There's a cat in the tree up
there that can't get down. Would you please rescue it? I would be so
indebted."
  Not wanting to disappoint her, you rise to the challenge.

(Please press any key)

On a Sidewalk Under a Tree
  You are beneath a large maple tree, standing on a sidewalk somewhere in the
city. There is a woman - a very attractive woman - standing beside you
looking up into the tree.

>   "I hope you don't mind but I would like to borrow your ladder to rescue
the cat in the tree," you say to Huey.
  He allows you to take the ladder.

Huey the Contractor walks by and stops
.

A young boy arrives under the tree
.
  A car drives by on the street, hitting a small puddle near the curb that
splashes up, soaking your right foot.
  The woman has dodged the waterfall, and giggles a little. As you take a
couple of steps, she asks, "I hear a squeaking noise! Is that a mouse?"
  "No," you reply with disdain, "it's my newly bathed foot."

>  You stagger over to the tree, your 5'-4" tall 110 pound frame dragging the
ladder behind you, and place it against the trunk up into the branches.

>  You thank the little girl as you take the cup of milk.
  "Your welcome. You owe me 25 cents!" she says, handing it to you.

>  You tenuously climb the rungs up to the top. Reaching up, the cat is still
out of reach.
  It turns, looks at you and hisses. Then the cute little pussy saunters a
few feet, and jumps up higher into the tree.

>  Leaning over precariously, you grab onto a branch and carefully pull
yourself up into the tree branches. Balancing carefully, you make your way to
where the cat lies, watching you.

>(Your score has increased by 50)
  Offering the cupful of milk to the cat, it meows gently and approaches you.
You wait, still as possible as the cat begins licking the milk. Reaching out
gently, you grab the cat easily and bring it close to you.
  The crowd below you renders a hearty cheer...
  "Yay!"

>  Offering the cupful of milk to the cat, it meows gently and approaches you.
You wait, still as possible as the cat begins licking the milk. Reaching out
gently, you grab the cat easily and bring it close to you.
  The crowd below you renders a hearty cheer...
  "Yay!"

>  As you carefully begin to lower yourself down the shaky ladder, you lose
your balance and end up sliding down the last few rungs to the sidewalk,
bruising your shins.
  "Ow!" you holler.
  "Oh, marvelous!" the woman exclaims. "You rescued the cat!"
  You stand and hobble over to the woman, presenting the cat to her. She
looks at you and says, "That isn't my cat! Get that little beast away from
me!" She turns and rushes off as the cat jumps down from your arms, hurries
to the tree and climbs up into the branches!
  "Oh, look, Mister," the little girl says. "There's a cat up in the tree!
Where's my quarter?
  "Hey, pal. I need my ladder!"
  "Mister, you don't look so good," the little boy says.

Congratulations!
