Loading game...

The Test

THE TEST

You are dreading the test that will begin in 15 minutes.
You are especially dreading this last minute revision.
You gaze lazily out of the window wishing you were out in the rolling green
hills outside instead of the stuffy inside of a maths lesson.

"GORDON!"
You return to the real world, glance at the equation on the board, think for
a moment in your head, (y - 3˛, take 4 from 31 so therefore x must be 4), you
speak outloud, "y equals 5, sir and x equals 4".
"Well done, Gordon, but I was actually asking you to open the window," says
Sir, but he walks over to it and does it himself.  As usual he is wearing his
1930's suit, looking as though he is from that time.

A creak, and the fresh air tears into the room.  As the teacher walks past,
you notice his watch looks more 1970's ish.  He sees where you are looking
and then looks down at his watch.  As you both examine it carefully, you
realise that it is spinning backwards.
"Oh no, not AGAIN!" you hear the teacher say.
You form a reply in your head, and then speak in the direction of Sir, but he
is gone. And so is the maths room.
"I was right!" You think, "He IS a time lord!"
You look up for the first time for a while.  You aren't in the maths room,
and you're somewhere you do NOT want to be...

Somewhere you don't want to be
You don't want to be here.  Not even I would. It gives you the feeling that
you get standing outside the headmaster's office waiting for the door to
open, and I haven't even told you what it is yet.  Well, I better say...

Somewhere you don't want to be
Actually you might want to be here, but you can see nothing, smell nothing,
hear nothing, taste nothing and feel nothing.

>The fluff is dragged away into the machine.  It sneezes loudly.

>The fluff is dragged away into the machine.  It sneezes loudly.

>(Your score has increased by 5)
The fluff rolls away into the machine.  You wait. The machine starts crying
and sneezing.  It breaks into a fit of coughs then shudders.  It stops.
You've just thrown a bit of fluff into a machine thats allergic to it.  The
conveyer stops a moment later, and you keep running and are thrown against
the opposite wall.

>You take the blue key from the machine.

>You insert the weathered pewter key into the lock but instead of unlocking
the door turns brown.

>You can't go in any direction!

>Your score is 5 out of a maximum of 25.  (20%)

>Do you really want to quit? [Y/N]
