Loading game...

The annihilation of think.com
-------------------The Annihilation of think.com
--------------------
Today was the 26th of may 2004 Herald the dog and his brainwashed teachers
were making a plot to take over think.com.....They destroyed the icons and
codes but some resisted a last allegience of boys and girls stickied herald
but power had overwelmed him so the codes and icons never came back........
Please enter your name:
>Please choose the player's gender (male or female):
>
>(Your score has increased by 5)
You have logged into think.com but something catches your eye,a new game
perhaps'you click  on it and are send into the depths of think.com....

>You move east.
Connors page
At last you reach a boys page,sadly connor is crazy! Move onto the next page
and hurry!A small piece of paper lies at your feet...

Also here is Piece of paper.

>You pick up Piece of paper.

>You move north.
Mr others page
Mr others page has been upgraded by herald! Better get out of here quick!
Guard is here blocking the way onwards.

>The guard smiles icily,looks at his paper  stares at you furiously and lets
you pass...

>You move east.
Mrs Mac Intires page
A page with super herald weapons Mrs Mac Intire leers at you....

>(Your score has increased by 10)
You put the sticky paper on Mrs Mac Intires face and she suddenly hugs
you."thanks for saving me!You must stop herald immediatly."

>You move out.
Main think.com page
You are in a long dark hall Birna digits hover above you, it is a wonderfull
site but to your horror Heralds friend Mrs Assface comes running towards you
with a machine gun!!!!!!
 What do you do 1) take machine gun or
2)duck!

Mrs Assface is here.

>(Your score has increased by 5)
You duck!BANG!
Mrs Assface tripsBANG! Mrs Assface is dead!

>You move north.
Herald's Corridor
The quiet here is creeping up your spine and their are ghostly pictures of
herald which doesn't make it any better...

>You move north.
Herald's stairs
The stairs are steep and narrow every few steps you slip grab a stair rub
your backside and then start climbing again.

>You move up.
Herald's tower room
Herald's tower room resembles ganons castle a lot! If you want a damn room
description play zelda ocarina of time!

>You move west.
Herald's office
"Hello there ." "I have been waiting for you, face my true power you piece of
scum!"
How will you fight!  1)throw stuff at him!  2)Beg for forgiveness(i'm
kidding)  3)Avoid his attacks then counter  4)Defend
Herald the dog hits you.

>(Your score has increased by 15)
You defend with a purple shield herald pants and your shield turns to a
bright green aurora it blasts herald into tiny bits! Bam! Bam! Game over
herald!
Think.com has been restored and everyone got their icons back all hail  your
name
