Loading game...

The Thorn
"You've heard of the Holy Thorn of  Glastonbury?" Professor Wilkens leans
forward  in his wing chair to pour another shot of scotch from the bottle
sitting on the edge of  the hearth tiles. You know from experience he will
expect you to ask him about this proposed topic, this strange thorn. In fact
he is looking at you expectantly, as if waiting for a show of hands.

Professor Wilkens' Study
A crackling fire fills Professor Wilkens' panelled study with shadows which
leap and shift, giving you the unpleasant, but absurd, sensation of furtive
things moving just beyond the edges of your vision. A desk sits against one
wall. A single window looks out onto the night. The study door is to the
east.

Wilkens stares down into his tumbler.

>"The Glastonbury Thorn is quite interesting. Supposedly, it blooms only at
Christmas, outside Glastonbury Abbey.  Legend has it the thorn grew where the
saintly Joseph of Arimathea thrust  his staff into the ground.  I can't vouch
for the supernatural properties of the Glastonbury Thorn myself,  but I have
seen one very like, located near a ruined abbey in the Fens.  I wouldn't look
at that thorn bush again for anything in the world. Or the abbey for that
matter."

>[ask wilkens about priory]
"This ruined abbey was in the fens, a few miles south of a village modern map
makers have apparently given up for dead. I tracked down the location through
Ordnance Survey maps and correspondence with several vicars in the
surrounding country. I would not give you directions  any sooner than I would
give you directions to your own grave site.

"I know your journalistic nature, Lawrence. I hope you're not thinking of
going out there. Just drink your scotch and forget I mentioned it." It seems
to you that Wilkens glances, reflexively, toward the closed desk.

>As you take a sip from the tumbler you feel a warmth in the back of your
throat matching the warmth radiated by the fire

"Would you care to try the Lagavulin?"  Wilkens says suddenly" I have a
bottle of that out in the kitchen
You watch as Wilkens walks out the door. You hear his footsteps going down
the hall

>Feeling like a schoolboy risking a caning you quietly open Professor Wilkens'
desk.

Inside the otherwise empty desk is what appars to be a map.

>You take the map from the desk.

>You move east.
Beside the Road
The road you've parked your van beside is little more than a dirt track,
running north, through the fens Snow covers the ground but mists still hang
above the ditches which take the place of hedgerows in the area. To the east,
a stone vicarage and church are outlined against the sky.

>You move east.
In Front of the Vicarage
The area between the road and the vicarage to the east appears to be nothing
more than a flat patch of desolate earth traversed by a  flagstone walk. The
snow coating the landscape is not deep enough to conceal  the remains of a
summer garden, had there been one. The church is just a black  rectangular
mass from here. A churchyard lies to the north.

>You move north.
The Churchyard
This part of the churchyard, dusted in snow, appears nearly empty.  Here and
there the wind has scoured the snow from one of the flat  gravestones but the
rest are concealed. The churchyard  extends to the north.  The church looms
to the east

>You move east.
Inside the Church
Weak light from the gray rectangle of the door to the west and from the tall,
pointed windows along the walls, reveal a gutted interior. A stone staircase
leads up into the tower.

>You move up.
Inside the Church Tower
The tower is an empty shell, like the rest of the church.

A book lies in one corner. Discarded and forgotten perhaps.

>You pick up the composition book.

>Opening the composition book, you read the handwritten entry:

"As Vicar here, I have naturally taken an interest in the history of this
place and lately, having been ill, I've had more time to study. What I
learned was exceedingly curious. A dispute arose among the monks of
Glastonbury. No one remembers what it was over. There were hints of Mithraism
or worse. Nothing that anyone would care about today.One night a monk whose
name has been lost, or purposefully obliterated,  slashed a cutting from the
thorn and he and a few disciples fled to the Fens. Like the Cistercians, they
preferred  a wild country where they would be allowed to worship in their
chosen manner. The cutting grew where it was planted, and where it was
planted the monks built an abbey. But the supernatural properties of this
thorn were different from those of the Glastonbury Thorn."

There is nothing more. Either the story was never continued or was discarded.

>You move down.
Inside the Church
Weak light from the gray rectangle of the door to the west and from the tall,
pointed windows along the walls, reveal a gutted interior. A stone staircase
leads up into the tower.

>You move west.
The Churchyard
This part of the churchyard, dusted in snow, appears nearly empty.  Here and
there the wind has scoured the snow from one of the flat  gravestones but the
rest are concealed. The churchyard  extends to the north.  The church looms
to the east

>You hear the snow crunch underfoot as you walk further into the churchyard.
Suddenly a figure appears from the darkness. Then, from the corner of your
eye, you see another...and another. In an instant you realize you are
surrounded, not by phantoms, but cross-shaped monuments.

The End of the Churchyard
 In this part of the churchyard  you are surrounded, not by phantoms, but
cross-shaped monuments. To the west, in the growing shadows, you can make out
what might be a ruin. The churchyard extends to the south.

>You move west.
In Front of the Abbey
The remains of an ancient abbey. A single wall, part  of the cloister
buildings, perhaps. The wind off the fens has formed a low,  curved ridge of
snow at some distance from the wall, while scouring the frozen earth  at the
base  as bare as the floor of a mausoleum. Some brush clings to one spot
along the wall. The wall continues west  The churchyard lies to the east.

>Just some half dead brush. On the ground beneath lie some dry sticks.

>You pick up the dry sticks.

>You move west.
The Ruined Wall
The short jagged length of wall points like a skeletal finger toward the
empty fens where ghostly exhalations of mist shimmer in the darkness.
Growing from the weeds and rubble at the wall's end is a deformed and stunted
looking thorn bush. The ruin extends back to the east.

>Shoulder-high. Hawthorn-like. Black.  Its limbs are arthritic and swollen,
devoid of any hint of leaf or bud, let alone blossom. The thorns are at least
an inch long.

How had it survived in this  desolate country,  lifetime after lifetime,
watching the winds erode  its sheltering wall.?
Sharp crystals of snow blow against your face.

Then something touches your leg.  A barely perceptible touch -  like stiff
fingers - or a frozen branch.

You look at the bush again. It is motionless, unaffected by the movement of
the air around it. You are at least half a meter from any of the branches

>Time passes...

>Time passes...

>Time passes...

A pale wisp of motion catches your attention. A figure appears, seeming
almost to coalesce from the twilight and shadows as it approaches.

"I am the Reverend Owen," comes the soft voice, sounding distant even though
the speaker is right beside you. "You must come inside. It is too cold to
talk out here. You will want to ask me about the thorn."

 [Press Key to Follow the Vicar]

You follow Owen back to the vicarage.  Inside seems colder than outside.

"Why don't you make a fire," he suggests."I believe there are still a few
warm embers lurking under the ashes in the fireplace. Some wood is all you
need. Then you can ask what you want to know."

Inside the Vicarage
The darkness is almost total.The fading twilight turns the single unshuttered
window into a gray rectangle, but seems hardly strong enough to penetrate the
glass. Where the south wall must be there is a black gap you guess is a
fireplace.

The vicar glances around nervously.

>You put the sticks into the fireplace.  They are light as ancient bones. To
your surprise they burst into flames.  In moments firelight has pushed the
night into the corners of the room

>[ask vicar about priory]
"The ruined abbey dates to an ancient time, before even King Lucius, who was
our first Christian King.. The church and vicarage were built after the abbey
had fallen into ruin or been demolished. The villagers used stones scavenged
from the ruins. A common practice. At any rate, I believe those stones were
imbued with a curse --  by the supernatural thorn whose roots spread beneath
them -- and they carry that curse even today."

The vicar sighs. Very faintly. You cannot even see the misty exhalation of
his breath although your own breath forms clouds in the still frosty air
inside the viacrage. "When you step into the church or the vicarage you might
as well be stepping into that accursed abbey"

>
"The bush you were looking at just now really did grow from a cutting from
the sacred thorn at Glastonbury. But it did not have the same...properties.
It was cursed.

"Maybe it was because the monks who brought it here held different beliefs,
or God had just  changed his mind. The bush budded, but the buds, few in
number, never opened - - until one of the monks died.

 It was from living in that accursed abbey."

When Vicar Owen has finished speaking you feel a sudden overpowering
lethargy. He bids you to rest, so you lie down before the fire, not feeling
it strange to do so.

You sleep. In your nightmares you are drawn into a terrible geometry outlined
by the twisted black branches of the thorn.

[Press a Key to Dream]

You seem to hear Professor Wilkens speaking, can almost see him, sitting in
his study, sipping scotch. "You should never have taken that map, Lawrence.
Since you have, you may as well know the story. There was an Abbot Worgren,
they say, who began a painstaking study of the thorn. He recorded the
appearance of each bud, when a newcomer arrived at the abbey, and each bloom,
when a soul departed.

 For every soul who stayed in the abbey, there appeared a bud. It blossomed
at his death.

 {Press a Key to Dream]

One summer, though he was still a young man, Worgren fell victim to one of
those fevers that haunted the marshes. Sick as he was, he made his daily
visit to the thorn. Then, on St. Luke's Day - ironic, since he is the patron
saint of physicians - Worgen noticed, to his horror that one of the buds was
swelling.

The fever intensified, as if the fires of Hell burned inside his skull.  By
the next morning Worgren began to slip in and out of delirium.  In a rational
moment he ordered two monks to carry him to the thorn and saw exactly what he
feared. The swelling bud was near to bursting. He knew it was the bud marking
 his own life, and that, come morning, it would burst into bloom at the first
touch of the rising sun. Would blossom into his own death.

[Press Key to Dream]

Worgren had come prepared. He pulled from his robes a knife from the
refrectory and loped off the bud.

He defied God and continued to live. In a manner of speaking.

[Press Key to Dream]

His flesh wasted on his bones.  Certain ligaments and muscles do not,
apparently, decay so quickly as vocal cords because it was reported, during
the subsequent hearings on the matter of heresy,  that the pile of bone and
rotting flesh on the cot continued to twitch long after the screaming
stopped.

His soul did manage to extricate itself finally from its fleshly tomb,
exiting  through a hole in the mummified skin near the right heel,  according
to the legend I was given.  Afterwards a presence was sensed wandering the
abbey. It may have been his soul. Or something less...Christian.

[Press Key to Wake]

You wake. Chilled to the bone. Not sure whether you have had a dream or a
vision.

Inside the Vicarage at Dawn
Dawn light filtering though the dusty window illuminates the empty, frigid
room and the spent ashes in the firplace. On one  plaster wall a ghostly
cross shape shows where a crucifix had protected the plaster beneath from
smoke. The only way out is the door to the west.

>You move west.
The Ruined Wall at Dawn

You are drawn irresistibly back to the ruined wall and the twisted thorn. The
harsh morning light reveals what gentle dusk did not. A white scar on one of
the twisted black branches, still covered in frozen sap. A cut was made, only
recently.

You would have thought a Vicar, a man who believes in God, would trust in the
promise of an afterlife.  Yet Owen had followed Worgren's lead and cut the
bud off to prevent his own death.

You were talking to a ghost. How many ghosts wander the ruins. Monks who took
the same course - who preferred even a cold, phantom existence in a world
they knew to a promised Kingdom of God they weren't sure of.

You realize with horror that the vicarage in which you spent the night was
built with stones from the accursed abbey. Have you, then, come under the
sway of the ancient curse?

[Press a Key]

One particular black, gnarled branch, seems almost to beckon you, asking you
to examine it.  The way home is to the south.

There is nothing left for you to do but to look at the thorn or leave. The
thorn and the black branch are before you.  The way home is to the south.

>
You see what you feared, on what had been the  bare branches of the thorn,
just below the cut made by the vicar, a thing you will never dare to look at
again - a single bright green bud.

You have chosen to look upon your own mortality.

Have you won or lost?
