Loading game...

Through time
The year is 1954, Elvis has just released "That's Allright Mama" your name is
Joe Gatling and you live out on a farm in the panhandle area of Texas.
Your farm is a shamble, the draught this year has made the crop whither like
dry leaves on an autumn day and your side business selling scrap iron isn't
going to good either. All this wouldn't have been all that bad if it wasn't
for your wife who's constantly nagging you, convinced that she was meant for
a better life than this.
Every evening you go out on the porch, look up at the stars and dream about
another life. You are convinced that given the right circumstances you could
be a superhero and in your fantasy you are abducted from the planet and
brought on board a spaceship and, and …
But all you are now is a failure as a farmer and husband...
It's very late and the moon is shining pale and cold from a dark Texas sky as
you wake up from your nap on the couch…

                                                 Press any key.

The living room
The living room is not exactly a suite at the Ritz, far from it.
It’s hard to see what is what in here… Old pizza boxes, empty except for the
mice and other critters that has found a meal here lies scattered around the
floor amongst old worn magazines and newspapers.
An old battered sofa and an old chair are placed around the coffee table
which by the way is balancing on three legs and supported by a log where the
fourth is supposed to be. Across the room from the sofa are a heavy wooden
log and the only newer piece of furniture in the room, an almost brand new
flat screen TV.
The sofa is placed right next to the front door and behind it is a window
(it’s night outside) the curtains are dirty and worn... torn to shreds... and
looking like a kitchen rag.
A closed door in the western wall leads into the bedroom and a door opening
to the south leads into the kitchen.

Also here are some old crumbled magazines.

>You pick up the old crumbled magazines.

>The magazines and newspapers are crumbled and greasy from slices of Pizza and
other indefinable things…
You try to read part of it...
Ohh wow! Looks like they have a great sale down at Joe's Diner... All you can
eat for only 69 cents…
Ohh Darn… That was November last year…
As you continue you shift through the magazines something falls out and lands
on the ground with a soft thud.

>You pick up the remote control.

>You really wish you had cable, or maybe a satellite disc.
There isn't much to see on the TV at this hour of the night so you restlessly
change the channels until you find a football game that seems interesting.
Just as you sit down on the couch to watch the game a news flash interrupts
the game.
An anchor woman from the local news comes on:
"A few hours ago an unknown object was spotted on the radar screen at the
Austin Airport control tower. Although countless attempts of establishing
contact has been made no success has been obtained so far. The object seems
to have course towards the west part of the panhandle area better known as
Duff's Waterhole.
The Governor has just an hour ago given order to mobilize the National Guard
and alert the Air Force and he will personally follow the situation from his
bunker under Capitol Hill.
And the weather….."                      Press any key
You slowly get up from the couch…
Duff's Waterhole? Why... that's here!!!

>You move south.
The kitchen
The smell of old food lingers in the air, heavy and foul.
The walls are greasy and flies swarm around the sink where the last few weeks
of dishes are piling up. The counter is filled with unwashed pots and pans
and the cupboard under it can hardly close from all the junk, and a totally
filled garbage can.
There's a window through which you would be able to see the yard and the
fields, that is if they weren't covered with nicotine colored coat of grease.
The stove is just as greasy as the rest of the kitchen, the black sot having
turned the grease into an unidentifiable substance that has grown into a hard
layer covering most of the surfaces.

An old pizza slice is more or less stuck to one of the dishes in the sink.

>The stench from the cupboard almost knocks you out as you bend down to pull
the handle and as the door swings open it's like being hit with an iron fist
right between your eyes.

>Holding your breath you grab the two handles of the garbage can and pull it
from the cabinet.
With eyes that water and lungs that are about to burst you manage to get the
can out and placed on the kitchen floor.

>The cabinet under the counter is scratched and bruised from many years of
being slammed or kicked open and shut.
There are two doors and they are slightly a jar letting out a foul stench
from whatever it is that is behind them.
  The kitchen cupboard is open.

>The crust is bone dry and the topping has definitely seen better days. You
pick up the slice of pizza.

>You move north.
The living room
The living room is not exactly a suite at the Ritz, far from it.
It’s hard to see what is what in here… Old pizza boxes, empty except for the
mice and other critters that has found a meal here lies scattered around the
floor amongst old worn magazines and newspapers.
An old battered sofa and an old chair are placed around the coffee table
which by the way is balancing on three legs and supported by a log where the
fourth is supposed to be. Across the room from the sofa are a heavy wooden
log and the only newer piece of furniture in the room, an almost brand new
flat screen TV.
The sofa is placed right next to the front door and behind it is a window
(it’s night outside) the curtains are dirty and worn... torn to shreds... and
looking like a kitchen rag.
A closed door in the western wall leads into the bedroom and a door opening
to the south leads into the kitchen.

>You know she's in there, waiting...
Reluctantly you turn the door knob and open the door.
No sooner have you entered the bedroom before your wife starts nagging at
you.
Soon the words flow into a constant buzzing and your trained ear shuts her
voice out.
Why you entered the bedroom you never know... but now you're here you wish
you were somewhere else... doesn't matter where, just somewhere else…
The bedroom is, like the rest of this sorry excuse for a house, a big dirty
mess…
In front of you, pushed against the wall is your king size bed, and you
really need it as at least 2/3rd of it is occupied by your chocolate eating
wife. It has always been one of life's big mysteries to you how she manages
to stuff her mouth with chocolate and still shout at you.
Press any key.
On each side of the bed is a bedside table with a lamp on it, although
calling the empty wooden orange box for a table would be like calling our
farm a castle.  In the corner a closet you found at a garage sale long ago
and on the walls are posters which shows you the fantastic possibilities of
traveling, something you will never have the money to do.
The room has one window, no curtains… just the bare window with its dirty
glass.
You mutter something about having to let the dog out and silently close the
door behind you mercifully cutting off her endless stream of complaints.
                                                                  Press any
key

The living room
The living room is not exactly a suite at the Ritz, far from it.
It's hard to see what is what in here… Old pizza boxes, empty except for the
mice and other critters that has found a meal here lies scattered around the
floor amongst old worn magazines and newspapers.
An old battered sofa and an old chair are placed around the coffee table
which by the way is balancing on three legs and supported by a log where the
fourth is supposed to be. Across the room from the couch are a heavy wooden
log and the only newer piece of furniture in the room, an almost brand new
flat screen TV.
To the left of the couch is the front door and behind it is a window (it's
night outside) the curtains are dirty and worn... torn to shreds... and
looking like a kitchen rag.
An open door in the western wall leads into the bedroom and a door opening to
the south leads into the kitchen.

>
>Ignoring your wifes high pitched voice you quietly go out the door onto the
porch.

The porch
The porch runs along the front of the house (which isn't all that long) You
build it yourself many years ago which clearly shows.
The planks gives under your feet as you walk across the wooden floor, more
than a few of them needs changing, not to mention the railing that could do
with a new coat of paint.
A few steps down are the northern end of the yard, and it stretches south
towards the forest that lies black and threatening in the pale moonlight.
Behind you to the west is the entrance to the house.

>You can't leave the porch....
This is as far as this adventure will take you at this point.
Take care ;-)

>Do you really want to quit? [Y/N]
