Loading game...

Topaz

Topaz
by Woodfish

An Interactive Fiction Prologue.



Rain torrents down, slanting through the air like daggers. The wind hammers
against your ears and batters your head as you try to bow down and make your
way through the storm. You've been on the same muddy road for hours, and the
weather has only intensified. Your boots are soaked and squelching, and the
clothes upon your back cling to your skin, pounded by the never-ceasing rain.

Muddy Path
A glance around shows you the same windswept landscape that you have been
travelling north through for the last few hours. The dirt ground is slippery
with mud and water, which soaks through to your feet. Tattered bushes, being
swept violently back and forth, border the path. Beyond them, dull green
fields roll into the distance.

Something glimmers in the mud, some way to the north.

>Slippery brown mud is pounded by the rain, streaming under your feets.

>The bushes that line either side of the path have been ravaged by the wind,
and are now only leaveless branches blowing back and forth.

>The bare fields stretch far into the distance.

>You bow your head against the rain, and move north.

Muddy Path
You are halted in the middle of the trail, the storm beating down upon you.
The sky above is grey, and rolls with darkening clouds. The mud here is
extremely thick and slippery - it is all you can do to keep your balance
against the tremendous force of the wind. The path leads onwards to the
north. Something shines gold amongst the mud at your feet.

>You see no such thing.

>You bend down, to get a closer look at whatever is buried within the mud.
There is no doubting that the material glinting in the pale light is gold.
Possibly, you'd be able to get a grip on it and pull it out.

>

You crouch in the wet mud, and close your cold fingers around the gold
surface. It takes you a few pulls to loosen it from the ground, but you can
soon make out that it is some kind of golden handle you are gripping on to.
Eventually, you manage to loosen it, and pull it all the way out.

Withdrawn from the ground, the long sword glints in the pale sunlight. Mud
drips of the long silver blade, and the rain clenses the golden hilt to
reveal its full beauty. A large, orange jewel shines in the hilt, with a
small bird in flight etched onto its surface.

As you stand admiring it, a strong torrent of rain falls down from the sky,
and sweeps you off your feet and into the mud. Before you can get you
bearings, you are slipping down, and down, the world has turned vertical, and
you are falling into darkness, falling into nothingness...

... hit a key ...

Darkness
Everywhere is blackness.

>Time passes...

>Time passes...

>You see nothing special about the glow.

A gentle orange glow ignites itself a few feet away to the west.

>You follow the glow.

Darkness
The sword lies on the floor, a soft amber glow shining from the jewel in its
hilt. It creates a small pool of light around you. Absolute darkness
stretches beyond the glow.

Also here is a Topaz.

>The sword is now clean of mud and dirt, and its blade is glinting from the
light it gives off. The jewel in its golden shaft glows strangely, making the
bird engraved upon its surface blaze with light. It looks magnificant, even
in this semi-darkness.

>You pick it up.

Like before, it seems to thrum with life. Suddenly, your mind is sent reeling
with shock as you sense an acute probing from the sword. Words seem to flow
between the sword and your body, as your heart hammers.

Who... you? Where is the...

The words arrive in your head as if someone were saying them aloud.

1. Who are you?
2. How is it that a sword speaks to me?

Choose an option to speak.

>
Who am I?  You notice that the jewel pulsates as the sword 'speaks' to you.

I am Topaz, of course. Smithed in the iron-works of Modgul, assistant to the
throne, and commander of the... wait! What is this place?

1. No idea...
2. I can only see darkness.

>
The sword, Topaz, is silent for a moment. Then he speaks in your mind.

Hmmm. How odd. You will explore now, mortal. I will guide you with my light.

>You set off into the darkness, with only the glow of Topaz to aid you.
Holding the sword ahead of you, you move it catiously back and forth as you
walk, checking for obstacles. After a moment or two of walking, there is a
sudden clatter.

What have we stumbled upon? Topaz sounds worried.

You peer through the darkness, and see the form of something lying upon the
ground. You give it a nudge with your foot, and it scrapes. Crouching down,
you move Topaz nearer to it.

A sudden scream splices through your brain. Topaz has seen what it is on the
ground. A human skeleton. You recoil with horror, and Topaz decends into
sobbing.

Paragon! My love, my companion, Paragon!

The sounds descend into incomprehensible crying. You risk another look at the
skeleton, the cause of the sword's grief.

Darkness
A skeleton lies at your feet, encompassed in the glow of the sword. Endless
darkness stretches in all directions, beyond him.

The sword cries shamelessly over the skeleton, his sobs echoing around your
brain.

>The skeleton is stretched out upon the ground, his bones corroded by age, and
smothered with dust. You notice a silver ring on one skeletal finger.

>The ring is of simple design, but bears a bird similar to the one on Topaz.

Paragon... Topaz trails off. Eventually his sobbing descends into silence.
When he next speaks, his voice is hard with determination.

That skeleton was once my owner and companion, the noble Paragon. I am
flooded with memories, stranger. I now know where we are. We reside beneath
the Trail of the Dead. Me and Paragon once ventured upon it, heedless of the
warnings. Paragon was sucked into his depths, but I remained buried in the
mud, my coffin for years.

And now we have been claimed. For it is well known that once someone is
sucked below, there is no escape... We will suffer the same end as my dear
and noble friend, Paragon...

>You'd rather leave him to his grief...

>You reach out, to break the ring away from the finger.

No! cries Topaz, You will leave him! Paragon, my dear, my love... what's
this? Our ring? Yes... Mortal, take the ring, we may yet live.

>The ring comes away from the bone easily, which crumbles to dust upon your
touch.

Try it on, whispers Topaz.

>You slip the ring on your finger, and your surroundings disappear, and
rearrange themselves.

Congratulations!
Forest Clearing
Sun shines down through the leaves, lighting up the deep blue sky. Trees form
a circle around you, lush foliage scaling their trunks and covering the
forest floor beyond. A rocky boulder sits in the middle of the clearing.
Birds sing in the distance, and crickets chirp from the grass.

Sanctuary, breathes Topaz. Even in death, Paragon saves lives of those he
holds dear.

The sword suddenly adresses you. Mortal, together, we will avenge the death
of my dear Paragon!!

The two of you set out into the forest.
