Loading game...

Wes Garden's Halting Nightmare

Wes Garden's Halting Nightmare
written and illustrated by Jubell
Copyright (c) 2010

Warning!
This game contains strong language and scenarios that some may find unnerving
or offensive. You have been forewarned. The game was created for the Adrift
Spring Thing competition and therefore was made with all of the unregistered
Adrift limitations in place.

9  Weeks Ago
     Relentless heat assaults every suface of the cemetery, and the tent set
up for the funeral makes the air especially unbearable. Despite this people
stand listening dutifully to the pastor, fanning themselves and staring at
the coffin. Sweat slides down your back in rivlets, you want to loosen your
tie but feel as if that would be disrespectful. Soft hands knead your
shoulders, your grandmother's hands, for comfort. The casket was closed
earlier. Neither of you will ever see your Grandfather again.

8  Weeks Ago
     Morrow Falls doesn't feel the same to you anymore. School, your
supportive friends, concerned relatives...nothing can help you sidestep the
emotions that arise whenever you look into your Grandmother's sorrowful eyes.
You're drained by this second loss. Another person taken from the both of you
after your parents disappeared in the woods 10 years  ago. Your Uncle
Copeland becomes increasingly concerned about your...outlook.

7 Weeks Ago
Its not your fault any of this happened. You didn't do anything wrong. This
too shall pass. Time heals all wounds...

     Hours, in your room, spent just staring at photos of your parents and
grandfather. A picture of your grandmother is tucked under your pillow. Every
night gentle sobs drift through the wall.

Your Uncle Copeland wants you to try his meditation class because he thinks
it may help you. He and your mother, siblings, were into that kind of stuff
before she disappeared. If only to get him to leave you in peace you decide
to try it..

6 Weeks Ago
Your mom always thought you pretty special Wes, she'd be glad you came to
class. This will help, I promise....promise...promise...

The words glide out and around you...

Me and your Mom. We know what it's like...
You got work to do Wes... (mom's voice?)
What's going on? Uncle Copeland, my chest burns...
Take the Scythe Wes, summon it...summon it... (dad? DAD!)
Burning...my heart's gonna explode...
It's yours Wes...
Soul Scythe?
You got work to do Wes... (Grandpa...)

??? Time ???
A woman's voice...
Open your eyes, Wes Garden. You're as ready as you'll ever be.

You open your eyes slowly and find yourself in a place you've never seen
before, sorrounded by strange people. Somewhere inside of you you can feel
the presence of the Soul Scythe. You know that if you ever need it you can
summon it or unsummon it at will. But, how do you know this? Your memories
hold no answer. The last thing you recall are voices...

Behind you stands a door blocked off by steel boards, and the only other
doors are in front of you. A woman is there, but first you'd better establish
your bearings and look around you.

>
>
>
>
>
>
>(Your score has increased by 10)
You stride down the long length of the foyer avoiding the injured as you go.
Charity purses her lips as you approach.
    "Took you long enough, Mr. Garden."
    "How do you know my name?" you ask in a grim voice.

press any key to continue

     "Me not know your name?" she says giving you a coy appraising look, "Oh
please, Wes, I'm a professional. I should think I'd be privy to that kind of
information."
     You're not amused by her easy manner, "I want to know how I got here,
where I am, and how you know who I am."
     "You're asking questions, Wes, but not the one that could save your
life," Charity demures.
     "What?" you say narrowing your eyes.
     "Think. Before you even spoke to me you knew my name. All I had to do
was be in the room. Ask yourself why that is, you incorrigible thing you,"
she says with a chuckle.
     "I don't care."
     "Well you should because if you know me without my saying a word it
means anyone could, in fact, know you. That should interest you deeply,
because everyone here does know who you are, Wes. We know almost everything
about you, even these poor souls."

press any key to continue

     Charity uses her eyes to gesture at the injured people occupying the
foyer. A sharp chill creeps up your back just looking at them.
     "They shouldn't be alive," you state flatly.
     "These are the hospital's patients, Wes. They need help," she looks
around and you can tell she feels genuine sympathy for them, "hundreds of
them are here, if not thousands. On one hand you got here just in time.
Although, that idea is laughable if you think about it"
     "Laughable?"
     "That you thought you could be one of us, Wes! "  Charity angrily
replies, "You haven't a clue what you've done. In a way, this is all because
of you and others like you. This is what became of the World."
     "I don't know what you're talking about. All I want are some clear
answers from you," you say taking a step towards her.

press any key to continue

     The foyer resounds with Charity's silver laughter as she looks directly
into your eyes. "Aggression looks bad on you, I can't wait until its out of
your system.  Well, Wes, if you must know you're in Mercy Hospital."
     The name sounds eerily familiar.
     "If you want more information I suggest you talk to Dr. Micheals," she
says with a smile.
     "I asked you," you remind her, trying to hide the irritation in your
voice.
     "I'm much too busy right now. I have patients to see, Wes, people to
help! The entire world is in need," as she tells you this she walks towards
the glass doors at the end of the foyer, "I'm a doctor after all, and I've
got to help people."
      You feel a wave of panic and dizziness seize you. What looks like a
strand of white hair floats passed your line of vision and disappears. What's
going on?
      "Oh dear, its about to get ugly. You have to remember, Wes: Not
everyone here is your ally. There are forces in this building that absolutely
hate you. "
      With that she closes the door and leaves.
Suddenly, you hear a roaring noise that shakes the Foyer. The injured around
you begin beating their limbs across the floor and howling through slathering
jaws. All about you innumerable eyes slowly begin to turn in your direction.
This doesn't feel right.

>
>
>
>You move north.
Merciless Walkways
You stand on a dimly-lit but clearly intricate walkway, reminiscentof
Versailles Palace, in a cavernous space so large you cannot see the ceiling
or anything but darkness below the path. To either side of you can make out
other walkways in the gloom, all seemingly identical to the one you're on
now. Behind you you observe the mass of injured intently regarding you
through the now bloodstained glass doors of the foyer and the door in front
of you is bolted shut. Above you is a figure on a balcony that seems to be
waving at you...

You can only move south.

>(Your score has increased by 5)
You just barely discern an African American man holding a large bazooka-like
weapon on the balcony above you.

Without warning he stops waving and  lifts the hefty weapon onto his shoulder
and aims it directly at the walkway you're standing on right now!
Running north along the path you hear a deep voice shout, "Halt, Justice!"
before you are thrown forward by the force of a powerful explosion. Looking
back you can see that the section of the walkway connected to the emergency
room has been destroyed.

You have no way to go but deeper into the hospital...
The doorway in front of you has clicked open and is now clear.

>
>
>You move north.
Waiting Room
You are in a small room lit by a flickering fluorescent light. The floor is
green and white checkered linoleum, caked with deep set dirt and grime. Along
the walls are a few old and uncomfortable looking red chairs that give off a
moldy smell. All of the walls are decorated with wallpaper that must have
been peeling and cracking off for some time now. You also see the
receptionist's opaque glass window, closed, with a filth covered sign next to
it that reads "Ring the bell for Help". You also can't help but notice a
young woman, blanketed in flowers of all kinds, sprawled out on a few of the
chairs. Next to her is a table with magazines and a decorative journal on
top.

You can move north and south.

>You ring the bell but nothing appears to happen.
From somewhere far off you can hear the sound of inhuman laughter...

>
>You move north.
Grand Corridor
You step into a long hallway decorated with portraits on either side and lit
by wall sconces high above you. The walls are painted a beautiful variation
of the red color in the foyer. Were the rooms once connected? The only
exception is on a section of the left wall where the splendor of the decor
seems be peeling away and exposing the wood paneling. The ceiling is at least
fifty feet above you and covered by an elongated triangular glass structure.
At one end of the hall there is surprisingly modern looking door with a
strange contraption next to it.

You can move east, south and west.

>A black mist spirals out of your chest and jettisons towards your hand,
hardening, and forming the Soul Scythe.

>You move west.
The Core of Beauty
A large room of flat gray colors and stone. Littered about the floor are the
cracked remnants and unsettling ruins of destroyed statues and idols that
stare about the room with jubilant expressions conveying the joys of romance,
youth, and vigor. In the center of the room is a peculiar fountain that
sprays an iridescent sweet smelling fluid.

You can only move east.

>(Your score has increased by 5)
      "Wes! Glad to see you made it out alive," Charity exclaims as she walks
from behind a largely destroyed gargantuan image of Aphrodite.
      "Did you know those people would attack me, Charity?" You ask seething.

      "Oh my, are mutually on a first name basis now?" she questions, adding
a highly amused chuckle. "Consider it water under the bridge, Mr. Garden."
      "I want to know what's going on, that means straight answers..."
      "Oh!" Charity exclaims as her face lights up with pleasure, "That's why
I'm here Wes! Welcome to the Core of Beauty!" She gestures grandly at the
depressing gray room around you with a dazzling smile.

press any key to continue

       "Great," you mumble,  "more places for me to hate..."
       "Come now, Wes, you could show more enthusiasm. You're in the Core of
Beauty, as in for all of reality itself. Isn't that exciting?"
        You raise an incredulous eyebrow.
       "Oh for heavens sake! Don't you know who you're even looking at?"
        "Why don't you fill me in, Miss Bell," you say with a tinge of
sarcasm.
       "Gods, Wes! You're literally looking at the goddess Psyche and the God
Cupid."

press any key to continue

       "Can they..."
       "They want to help you, you know. Are you familiar with the story of
Cupid and Psyche? Cupid marries the mortal woman Psyche against his mother's,
Aphrodite's, will. However, Psyche is never allowed to see his face and one
night is over come by curiosity. She takes a single candle and steals into
his room to see what he looks like, trepidation in her heart, and when she
sees him she's shocked to see how beautiful he truly is. "

press any key to continue

     "Nonetheless, Psyche is so mesmerized by his beauty that she doesn't
mind the candle and it drips onto his wings scalding him. He flees her in
pain and she is filled with remorse."
      "But these statues are reaching out for one another," you say. The
story has piqued your curiosity.
      "Yes, there has been a betrayal in the relationship but that doesn't
mean love ceases to exist, even in the face of sorrow. When your parents
disappeared you didn't stop loving them and they never stopped loving you,"
she gives you a serious look.
      "How do you know about..." You take a step towards her but she stops
you with a gesture.
      "I have patients to attend to and time grows short," she flips her hair
before resuming, "Psyche finds out that it was Aphrodite's meddling that
caused the fever of her own betrayal. Yet she takes responsibility for her
actions and searches all over the world for Cupid. He honors his own
responsibilities to her and her heart, a singular and indestructible bond he
forged on the day of their marriage. They reunite."

press any key to continue

      "Wes, that is the core of beauty. The bonds we create with people, and
not the images we see around us or are told to imitate. You must restore the
gods to their natural state if you are ever to find the answers you seek."
       "Charity, why are you helping me?" You ask eyeing her intensely.
       "And now you believe I'm helping you?" she chuckles softly and her
hair bounces lightly on an invisible breeze, "I'm a doctor. I help people."

With that she sashays towards the exit and gives you one final look, "Two
objects Wes. You must give the Gods the thing that drove them apart and the
thing that brought them back together. Give them both items at the same
time."

And she is gone. A wave of sickness washes over you and you discover a long
strand of white hair tangled around your arm. You drop it and watch it
disintegrate. Pushing it from your mind you start to contemplate your next
move.

>
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
>You move east.
Grand Corridor
You step into a long hallway decorated with portraits on either side and lit
by wall sconces high above you. The walls are painted a beautiful variation
of the red color in the foyer. Were the rooms once connected? The only
exception is on a section of the left wall where the splendor of the decor
seems be peeling away and exposing the wood paneling. The ceiling is at least
fifty feet above you and covered by an elongated triangular glass structure.
At one end of the hall there is surprisingly modern looking door with a
strange contraption next to it.

You can move east, south and west.

>You move east.
The Halting Chapel
Cobwebs and thick dust coat every surface of the room and indicate that it
has not seen much use. Statues of saints sit back in alcoves long forgotten
and you can smell an unpleasantly dank odor rising from the pews. There is a
moderate-sized wooden altar off to one side of the room, but overall this
room holds little of interest.

Hope is here.

You can only move west.

>     "Oh my stars and garters," Hope says as she turns around to look you
over, "Why...why you must be Mr. Wes Garden." She does a slight bow before
extending her hand towards you, presumably for you to shake.
      You look her over as well and try to decide whether she's one of the
enemies or allies Charity told you about. She seems harmless enough with her
happy poise and smooth southern accent. You shake her hand in good faith and
she gives you a big white toothy smile.
      "Mah name is Hope, Hope Endlessly," she informs you as she vigorously
shakes your hand.
      "I bet you are," you grimace as you disengage your appendage from her
enthusiastic salutation. You decide you like Hope, she's not anything like
that shadowy woman Charity. Maybe Hope will even be willing to help you
understand what's going on.
      "I can...I can just feel something really good about you, Mr. Wes,"
Hope says as she steps forward, "There's like an inner light or somethin' in
ya that's dedicated to helpin' people and I bet you don't even know it yet,"
she takes your hand in hers and presses up against you.
       This is getting a little more helpful than you may be ready for....
       "Do you?" she asks pressing her bosom against your chest and gazing at
you with child-like eyes.

press any key to continue

        "Ugh," you bluster, " d-do I what?"
        She giggles and playfully slaps your shoulder, "Do you like to help
people? Ya see I'm a candy striper and our job is to make the stay at a
hospital more pleasant. I like people who spread light, Mister Wes. Will ya
help me beat off the spectre of despair?"
      Gently, you separate yourself from her and clear your head. Hope is a
rather intense girl to say the least, "First, I was wondering if you'd mind
answering a question or two?"
      "Oh why, anythin' for you, Mr. Wes. If I know the answer I'd be pleased
as peaches to help ya."

>
>
>
>
>
>     "Why, Wes, shugah, what do you think you are doin'?" Hope says with a
curious expression on her face.
     "I think this candle is a part of something I need to do. Something to
get the answers I need," you tell her as you look over the candle in your
hand. It still shines brightly but the flame isn't hot.
     "I...I can't let you do that," Hope says, her face a mask of concern, "I
think it would be best for all of us
if ya just put that lil' candlestick back."
      You turn to regard Hope as you place the still burning candle in your
pocket. Her eyes are like a doe's as she looks up into your face, but you are
unable to say anything. Your mind suddenly feels...clouded.

press any key to continue

     "Now, shugah that there candle was taken by Miss Justice," Hope speaks
softly as she places a hand on your shoulder, "she told me herself, she said
'Hope, dear, be sure and guard this candle with ya life.' If you're set on
gettin' in the way o'Miss Justice, Wes...I'm afraid that means I gotta stop
ya."
      You feel a sharp pain in  your chest that clears your mind. Did the
Soul Scythe do that? Is it aiding you from within? "Look, I'm not sure what's
going on here but I intend to find the answers I'm looking for."
       "Oh Wes," Hope whispers before gently kissing your cheek, "your light
was so bright."

Before you know it you find yourself flying across the room and slamming into
the wall. Fresh pain rips through your stomach from the singular kick Hope
has delivered to your belly.

       "But, if ya intend to side with those no account gods and the
rest...well I'm afraid I'm gonna have to tan your hide," Hope states with a
grim look in her pretty eyes...

>You hit Hope.
Hope hits you.

>You hit Hope.

>You hit Hope.
Hope hits you.

>You hit Hope.

>You hit Hope.
Hope hits you.

>(Your score has increased by 10)
You hit Hope.

"I...I'll never return to that box!!!" Hope says trembling as she takes a
step back. A bright white light flashes and she is gone.

>Your words... they're so unclear

>Your words... they're so unclear

>Your score is 30 out of a maximum of 100.  (30%)

>Do you really want to quit? [Y/N]
