Loading game...

Zombies Are Cool, But Not So Cool When They're Eating your Head
Your eyes opened. Oh, what a rough night. The last thing you remember was
punching the horse in the face and then drinking a bottle of scotch. You
slowly pulled yourself out of bed. It looked like your room, but your eyes
were still blurry, so it was kinda hard to tell.

"Hey, horsepuncher, ' your roommate Stu voice echoed into the room. "Get down
here and take out the trash. I'm too lazy and uninterested to do it."

You stood up and threw on some clothes, your eyes adjusting to the light
shining in through the window. You waddled out into the hallway and slowly
stepped down the stairs into the kitchen.

Stu looked up from his cereal, "And stop taking the prizes from my cereal. I
work long and hard for this breakfast, and my only reward are those prizes!"

Your brain was too asleep to think of a witty reply, so you just muttered
something about cats and walked outside with the garbage. The cool air of the
morning hit your face hard, waking you up almost instantly. You walked over
to the curb, tossing the trash down with perfect accuracy.

You headed back to the house. Then stopped. You turned around. You could've
sworn you just heard moaning coming from the shed...

>You are carrying a toy whistle.

>Stu's gonna be pissed. It's a whistle you got from his cereal.

>It's a nice house...well, not really.

>The fence is useful for keeping punks out of your yard. Unfortunately, most
punks just enter your yard where the fence ends. That's a glaring design
problem.

>The stone path was in much better condition before you and Stu started
bashing it with baseball bats for fun.

>You move east.
Shed
The shed next to your house is usually warm and inviting, but today's it's
dark and terrifying. Ah well, nothing's perfect. A strange rustling sound can
be heard from within, which is weird because you have nothing but heavy,
tools in there, and those don't rustle at all! The yard is back to the South.

>It's a nice shed...well, not really. I guess you could say the same thing
about the house.

>You slowly opened the door and peeked inside.

"Uh...helloooo?" you said as you stuck your head in the door.

A large hand grasped around your head, and began tugging on your skull.

"Oh come on! That's really uncalled for!" you screamed as you pulled your
head back through the door.

You slowly backed away from the shed as a figure slowly stumbled out through
the open door. It was a man, definetely dead as his eyes were missing and a
large machete was sticking out of his neck.

"Dear god, this is just like that movie...that movie with the dead, and it
was their night...I think it was called 'The Night the Zombies Took Over',"
you said to yourself, trying to explain the thing in front of you.

Suddenly, the zombie's head exploded in a pile of excessive gore. You looked
up to see Stu standing above you, a rifle in his hands.

"Ha, and they say guns are dangerous," Stu remarked as he aimed the gun down
at you while reloading it.

You stood up and slowly stepped over to the dead man. Yep, he was a zombie
alright. He had all the characteristics of one.

"Well, we better head inside," Stu explained. "These zombies are nothing but
trouble. Plus, we'll catch a cold."

You looked past the driveway, out into Wright Street, which was swarming with
zombies. "Hey Stu, do you think we could make it through there?"

Stu shook his head. "They'd probably tear us apart like G.I Joe's. But it's
your decision, you lead, I'll follow."

>You love zombies in movies, but zombies in real life are real douchebags.

>Stu shakes his head, as if he doesn't understand the question.

>Stu shakes his head, as if he doesn't understand the question.

>Stu shakes his head, as if he doesn't understand the question.

>Stu shakes his head, as if he doesn't understand the question.

>Stu shakes his head, as if he doesn't understand the question.

>You move east.
Shed
The shed next to your house is usually warm and inviting, but today's it's
dark and terrifying. Ah well, nothing's perfect. A strange rustling sound can
be heard from within, which is weird because you have nothing but heavy,
tools in there, and those don't rustle at all! The yard is back to the South.

It seems that when the zombie came out of the shed, he dragged out your
chainsaw too, because it's now lying on the ground.

>You see no such thing.

>You see no such thing.

>As you raise the chainsaw into the air, you feel as if your life is complete.

>You move west.
Yard
You're in the yard next to your small home. A wooden fence stretched all
around the area, except for the driveway which led out into the street. A
stone path led from the house entrance to the shed to the East, where you
kept most of your tools. Following the path to the south would take you back
to the house, while heading North would take you to the street.
Stu stands around looking tough with his rifle

>You head North to Wright Street.

>
Wright Street
Wright Street would be cool if it wasn't surrounded by zombies. But it is
surounded by zombies, so it's terrifying. In fact, there's so many zombies,
you can't even tell where you're going, it's like a maze of the undead.
Stu stands around looking tough with his rifle

>You love zombies in movies, but zombies in real life are real douchebags.

The zombies began to surround you and Stu.

>You rev the chainsaw and hold it high in the air. Stu cocks his rifle, and
the two of you begin a slicin' and blastin' spree through the crowd of
zombies. Blood and guts spray everywhere as you two take down the zombies.

"Hey, "Stu says as he pokes you in the back. "I'm almost out of bullets. We
need a place to hide."

You finally stop hacking mindlessly away with the chainsaw and look around.
All the zombies are dead.

Stu points to a store down the street. "Hey, look, the pet shop. I bet we
could hide in there!"

>
Outside Pet Shop
You and Stu are standing outside Pete's Pets, the oldest pet store in town.
The front door seems to be locked, and the large glass window that leads into
the store is boarded up tight. The sidewalk outside the store isn't doing
much better, it's cracked and covered in zombie blood.
Stu stands around looking tough with his rifle

>Who locks their door when they're not around? What a crazy idea.

>The window seems to have been broken, so Pete must've boarded it up. He did a
good job, because these boards are really stuck on here tight.

>Sidewalks. They're wacky.

>Yech...zombie blood. The worst kind of blood.

>Stu shakes his head, as if he doesn't understand the question.

>Stu shakes his head, as if he doesn't understand the question.

>You go crazy on the door with everything you've got. For some reason, nothing
works, not even your chainsaw. This is some sort of door of doom, because you
can't seem to be able to open it.

>You cut the boards in half with the chainsaw. You can now climb In through
the window to the pet shop.

>You enter the pet shop.

>
Pet Shop
You have no time to look around because a vicious zombie dog is staring you
down. Any second now he's going to jump and eat your juicy brain. Trust me,
that'd really suck. You better stop him, and you better do it fast.

The zombie dog jumps up and eats your face in one bite. What a douche.

>Zombie dogs. Why did it have to be zombie dogs.

>With no other options, you pull out the toy whistle and blow on it. The high
frequency pitch of the whistle sounds the dog yelping into the night, or in
this case, into the middle of the afternoon.

Stu steps in through the broken window. "Well, it looks like we might survive
this zombie holocaust after all."

You nod. "Yep. Zombies are pushovers. I mean, I've killed old people that
were harder to defeat."

"Hahaha, I know. And we can keep making fun of zombies, because there's
absolutely no way they can eat us anymore, I mean, we're invincible!"

Later that day, you and Stu were eaten by zombies.

The End

Congratulations!
