You wake up in your bedroom. The bed is a double bed. The bed had a large chest on each side. You feel hazy at first, but then you get excited, for you remember today they were going to visit your friends uncle, Proactivejim, who lives in the village over the hill. You hop out of bed to go get your friend. He might be in his bedroom still sleeping. Or he might be in the forge, he did have tons of iron he needed to smelt. Where will you go?
Go to your friends bedroom
Go to the forge
> The Forge
You check around and see nothing. Then you see in shock as a note on a workbench catches your eye. It reads "I have your friends hostage. If you want to see him alive, get me 10 diamonds. Signed, your wake up call." . Wake up call? Sounds strange to me. The note also says that he is located in the same village that proactivejim is in. This could mean some very bad things. The worst part is you don't have diamonds. Woe is you right now. It doesn't matter though. You need to save your friend! Wait... where will you go.
Go outside to your porch
Go to the back yard
> The Backyard
You are in a fenced area near a wheat and melon farm. You find a chest with a map in it. You take the map and read it. Theres a ravine at a nearby desert. You also see that theres a cave near your farm. The ravine is a better chance of finding diamond, yet its highly unsafe. The cave has less of a chance, yet its safer. Where to captain?
Go to the ravine
Go to the cave
> The Ravine entrence
The gap is pretty steep. There is tons of lava. There is a stream of water to jump into. There's also a cave that leads to the bottom. Which way?
Jump into water stream
Take safe way
> ravine bottom
LIKE A BOSS. You glide down the water fall to safety. You see an abandoned mine. Go to it?
go
> The abandoned mine
Theres a fork in the road. you can go left or right. Which Way?
left
right
> Dungeon 2
The dungeon is already cleared. You see a man with a sword of iron and armor of gold, come rushing toward you.OH GOD WHAT NOW!
Run away
DO a barrel roll
Fight!
> Boss Battle complete
You barrel rolled out of the way and the guy hit a cave spider spawner. You scare away the spiders, and find 10 diamonds from the guy. Time to head to the village.
Go to village
> Village 2
You find the guy. When he asked for the diamonds, you punched him in da face! He got up and tried to attack, but you did a somersault to karte kick to the face! You untied not only your friend, but pwnsomeguy too. then you fly into the sunset. You dont know who that man was,  yet it didnt matter........
win (broken link)
[state=Running]
