Natura Oh Shoot the Gamejam is in two Hours Accel

ACottontail

Introducing the Grand Summer Gamejam!  Hone your gamemaking skills this summer.  The winner gets a can of beans.

"Hmm, sounds interesting." you mutter to yourself.  You always did want to become a famous game developer.  Just like how you always wanted to be a pirate.

You are Corn Gun Guy, the immortal lord of dying repetitively to the first level, the grim reaper, and overall cool guy.

The deadline was in a week.  Surely enough time for a legendary league match.

...

You look at the time.  It was 4 hours before the deadline.  With so little time left you need to make a game, and fast.  What should Corn Gun Guy do?

Use the Computer

Ask your Son for Help

Bribe the Judge

Ask for Help at the Showcase

Touch Grass

> Bribe Son
Ask your Son for Help

Your Son is The Best.  Both in name, and because he's the best.  Surely, he knew something about this blooming videogame technology.

You open the door to his room, "Are you winning son?"

You catch him in the middle of a match of Massive Crossover Shooter 2017.

Your son throws his controller, "The Snipers, every single time!"  He huffs then looks at you.  "Hey dad, ready to join me?"

"Well son, I have something cooler.  How do you feel about entering a gamejam?"

The Best let out a sigh, "Oh course you forgot your promise..."

Guilt hit you in your heart.  You promised you play with The Best later, didn't you?  He's your son!  It would be criminal to break your promise to him!

What will you do?

Be a Good Father and Spend some Time with your Son

Back Away Slowly

> The Best
Be a Good Father and Spend some Time with your Son

As much as you wanted to enter the gamejam, some things in life were more important.

"Heh heh, I was just joking about the gamejam.  Can you pass me a controller son?"

The Best's eyes light up.

You spend the rest of the day losing horribly in Massive Crossover Shooter 2017.  You were so bad you didn't win a single match.  But that didn't matter.  What really matters is that you got to spend some quality time with your son.

Why are you Wondering if Things could've Gone Differently?  Stop Eyeing that (Try Again) Button.  What could be Better than Spending Time with your Son!

[state=Running]
