RandomCats

You are one of the RandomCats, a group of cats and kittens that live in a nice little town in the forest. Your leader has just been killed and it is up to you to find out who did it.

You only have a few suspects; your friends Cremia(you 're staying with her until your house is repaired), Malon, and Romani, or Sprinkles, Rolo and Lasagna. One of them must be the culprit!
Cremia's House
You can see Cremia, a Coffee Cup and a Newspaper.
You can go south.
This is the house where Cremia lives. You are staying here until your house is repaired.
> south

> south

Neighborhood of Clouds
You can see Sprinkles.
You can go north, south, west, east, northwest or southwest.
This is the only neighborhood left after the great fire tornado of last century. Now the community is pretty small...
> accuse sprinkles

> accuse sprinkles
"I love how you don't have any evidence, yet you insist on accusing me of wrongdoing."

You stare at each other for a while.

"Could you bury this teddy bear with the blue grave?"

> northwest

> northwest

Cemetery
You can see a Red Grave, a Yellow Grave, a Green Grave, a Blue Grave and a Pink Grave.
You can go southeast.
This is the cemetery, where a lot of the fire tornado victims lay at rest...
> bury bear in blue grave

> bury bear in blue grave
With which object?
1: Teddy Bear
2: Red Grave
3: Yellow Grave
4: Green Grave
5: Pink Grave
> 1
You dig up this grave and bury the creepy teddy bear in it. As you cover it back up, a red message appears on the grave and disappears. It reads:

SPRINKLES DID THIS TO MEEEEEE

...okaaaayyy...

Maybe you should go speak to Sprinkles.
> southeast

> southeast

Neighborhood of Clouds
You can see Sprinkles and Rolo.
You can go north, south, west, east, northwest or southwest.
This is the only neighborhood left after the great fire tornado of last century. Now the community is pretty small...
> speak to rolo

> speak to rolo
"Hi. Sprinkles invited me here. Sprinkles says that we should meet up tomorrow at midnight to bury something. That's strange. But, oh well! By the way...have you looked at yourself lately?"
> southwest

> southwest

Police Office
You can see an Officer.
You can go northeast.
This is the police office, where the police are supposed to be. But only one is here today.
> turn self in to officer

> turn self in to officer
"AHA! SO IT WAS YOU ALL ALONG!" The officer shouts.

Sprinkles jumps into the room and points at you.

"AHA! YES! It wasn't me, of course!" Sprinkles tells you.

"But...what about how you were gonna bury something at midnight with Rolo?!"

"YOU FOOL! I was just gonna bury my teddy bear with that blue grave! Thanks for doing it for me..."

"And what about the red message?! And the blue feather?"

"The mayor was my best friend. We had a party the night before he died. And my dad was a real weirdo. He has always believed that I killed him, but really, it was the Fire Tornado. How could you kill the mayor like that?"

"Uh... wait, what? Your dad believed you killed him?"

"Take em' away, officer!"

The officer stares at you blankly. Then he puts some handcuffs on you and leads you away.

Sprinkles waves goodbye. The last glimpse you get of him is of him pulling a knife out of his bag.
[state=Finished]
