Bariscebik

Barry's Room
Barry always loved this mess that he called his room. A table with a computer on it, another table with a lot of really useless stuff. Like a little model of a red Volkswagen '74. Or a plastic model of a white tiger.

The acoustic guitar sits on the office chair in front of the tables. And a t-shirt is hanging from behind the guitar. There are clothes everywhere. On the bed, on the floor...

Posters on the wall seem a little different than of most teenagers though. There are some musician posters too, but mostly reproductions of surrealist paintings. Anybody can tell the owner of the room is not an ordinary teen. You can tell it from the bookshelves especially.

> x computer
It's a pretty old machine. Barry was using his laptop. This computer was just there, because he had a lot of memories with it.

He valued his memories.

> x guitar
He used to play this thing like crazy. He was pretty good at it. He had a band with his closest friends. Chicks dug it. Being good-looking as him was helping a lot too.

> read letter
You start reading. It says:

"Darling,

What I think in the dim room I’m sitting in, don’t fill my head. It’s so big inside my head that nothing can fill it now. Today was gonna be Tuesday. It should have. But it’s not.

The past is present. It’s always present. It never stays there, where it should. If it can’t do anything, it dangles its feet with stinky socks from the mezzanine above my head. And doesn’t it swing them blissfully?

The woman on TV raises the receiver of the phone. She says “Connect me to the police.” I look at her from behind empty eyes. The smoke of my cigarette is wiggling in front of her. The woman is a fakir and the smoke is a snake.

Something echoes in the empty darkness of my head.

“It’s not enough to play in the minors’ league anymore. Old boys should grow up.”

I make up my mind. I’m heading to the majors’ league. Even the child part of my soul doesn’t object to this. And then I realize I don’t know how to do this. I would know maybe, if it was Tuesday, like it was supposed to be.

So, darling. I don’t know many things. But I know one thing. Every unsent letter sends a letter, darling. Like the loves that never lived. I love them. Maybe more than you. They stay in my heaven, like a dead child.

There are so many things that are nothing, let there be one more. I am nothing for instance. You’re gonna say that I’m not.

Then let me tell you this: Bariscebik is nothing. It doesn’t have a meaning. Something with no meaning is nothing. Bariscebik exists. It started existing when I made it up. But existing doesn’t mean to be something. Nobody in the world will use this word. The purpose of a word is bearing a meaning and transmitting it, isn’t it? So this word doesn’t even exist.

These don’t mean anything to you. You belong to the world of existence, my darling. I’m not there. I now understand when they say, we are people of separate worlds.

Yours forever,

Barry."

You sit down on the bed. You start to cry. He was lucky with girls, you think, you didn't know... If only you knew more about him.

Why, Barry, why did you do this to yourself? To us? To me?

Tears just don't seem to stop.

Would you like to restart, restore a saved game, quit or undo the last command?

