Death Shack

DEATH
SHACK
Based on a true story.

You lurch forward over the limbs of dead rotting trees, pained breath escaping your lungs with each successive step taken deeper into the mists of the forest, a forest which seems to go on and on like this seemingly endless sentence. Blood trickles down your skin like a red liquid running down skin, a remnant from a wound you do not remember getting although it may have been from when you were stabbed a few minutes earlier by that hooded maniac who was now in pursuit.

Suddenly, like a beacon of hope in a hopeless beacon-less world, a shack appears in front of you. A warm shack. An inviting shack. Surely it couldn't be the Death Shack™ you read about in the newspaper?

Outside the Shack
You stand in front of a mysterious shack which is nestled like a baby in the branches of a massive gnarled oak. A few windows adorn its front but a layer of black paint coated on them prevents you from seeing inside. There's also a door, which are devices typically used to enter/exit structures like this.

> climb tree
Using the climbing skills you got after that radioactive spider monkey bit you last year in Napa Valley, you clamber up the oak tree onto the roof of the shack.

> get object
You use your superpowered spider monkey powers to casually bend down and slide the object from underneath the wooden plank. It's a key! Keys are used to open doors! Doors get you into structures like shacks! You're standing on a shack! This key might open the door that gets you into this shack!

> climb down
You scurry down the tree with ease.

> unlock door

 DEATH SHACK II:
THE SHACK IS BACK

It had been one year that night since your brother mysteriously vanished in those haunted woods, a year full of pain and mistery in which you also finally got around to watching Lawrence of Arabia on blu-ray.

Armed with nothing but your wits and the hair atop of your head, you now stalk through the woods looking for the truth of what happened to your brother on that fateful night a year ago. Was he really devoured by a pack of coyotes, like the police assumed, or was there something far, far worse lurking out there in these woods.

A structure appears ahead in the mist. As you get closer, it reveals itself: a shack. A regular shack, clearly not the fabled Death Shack™.

> open door
You open the door.

> in

DEATH SHACK IV:
DEATH SHACK GOES HAWAIIAN:
JUDGEMENT SHACK

Your three brothers were dead - all murdered by the same pack of coyotes on a personal vendetta - and you had needed to get away from all of the pain that had caused.

You sleep in your hotel room in Hawaii. A relaxing vacation was what the doctor had prescribed to get over three consecutive tragedies in a row because only conga lines and Don Ho songs can truly mend a wounded heart.

Suddenly, the phone rings and wakes you from your light nap. You pick it up and hear nothing but the sound of a door slowly opening and closing on the other end. Odd...

> get note
Although you don't have the spider monkey ability to bend down extremely fast like your brother, you still manage to pick up the note by the door.

> read note
The note, almost illegible, reads:

"SIT COUCH"

> sit on couch

"I AM DEATH SHACK™!!!!"

THE END

Would you like to restart, restore a saved game, quit or undo the last command?

