Dementophobia (ALPHA DEMO)

Boat
You awaken in a boat, slowly flowing with the nearly dead current in the middle of a misty river.  Also here is An Antique Lantern.

> x me
You see nothing interesting about yourself.

> i
You are wearing nothing, and are carrying nothing.

> x lantern
An old, rustic lantern. It's light is dim, but it's better than nothing.

> take lantern
Ok, you pick up the Antique Lantern.

> north
A sharp darkness pierces the river. You can barely see outside the boat.

> turn on lantern
You switch on the Antique Lantern.

> north
You move north.

Shoreline
You enter the shoreline.  Also here is a State ID and a Blue Diary number 1.  An exit leads north.

> x id
There is nothing special about the State ID.

> take id
Ok, you pick up the State ID.

> read id
Most of the information is illegible, as if smudged away by water. The name, however, is still readable:

BERKOWITZ, JACK

> x diary number 1
A blue diary. The name "JACK BERKOWITZ" is written on the cover.

> take diary number 1
Ok, you pick up the Blue Diary number 1.

> read diary number 1
The doctors said that she only has fourteen days. If only she hadn't contracted that damn disease...

I can't stand seeing her like this.

> north
You move north.

Forest
As you enter the forest, a sharp, chillingly human whimper fills your ears.  Exits are north and south.

> investigate whimper
As you investigate the whimper, you realize that it is not a human, but a wolf. Chunks of flesh are missing, as it appears to have been eaten alive by something else...

> north
You move north.

Long Road
You step onto a long, dormant road.  Also here is a Blue Diary number 2.  An exit leads west.

> take diary number 2
Ok, you pick up the Blue Diary number 2.

> read diary number 2
I can't stand seeing her like this. So lifeless...

I would do anything just to be with her again. To kiss her again. To hold her hand again. To tell her I love her again.

> west
You move west.

Old Bridge
You step onto an old wooden bridge. Some of the planks are missing.

There appears to be a sign here, carried away by the wind.  Exits are east and west.

> look at sign
The sign, rusted and fallen over, reads:

 WELCOME TO

MIDNIGHT FALLS

> west
You move west.

Mountain Road
You start to walk down a long, winding, mountain road. The gaurd rail is out, and the road seems to get steeper and steeper with each and every step you take.  Exits are east and west.

> west
You move west.

Rural Street
You enter a rural street, lit by streetlights. You see a gas station in the distance.  An exit leads east.

> approach gas station
As you approach the gas station, a man is running from a pack of wolves.

> approach man
As you approach the man, he falls. The wolves begin to feast on his flesh. He cries out, begging for help.

> help man
As you try to help the man, the wolves run away. The man breaths a sigh of relief when suddenly, a tall -- possibly eight foot tall entity approaches him. Cold sweat begins to run down the man's face as it approaches him, wearing a dark, heavy robe, and imprisoned by chains. A massive, medieval-era battle axe in it's hands. A faded dark red color stains the blade. It is the slayer

"Please, not you! Not me!" cries the man.

The slayer approaches the man. It raises it's axe.

"Please! I'm sorry! I didn't mean to do it! GOD FORGIVE ME!!!"

The heavy blade of the axe comes crashing down on the man.

The man crawls weakly toward you.

He reaches his blood-soaked arm up to you.

"HELP....ME..." pleads the man.

And then, it is all over. The slayer raises it's blood soaked axe.

It stares you dead in the eye.

> stand still
You stand your ground.

"What are you?" you ask it.

You look at it's distorted, demonic face, it's eyes covered by a blood-soaked cloth tied around it's head.

It turns around, and walks away.

It vanishes.

> south
Right as you begin to move the slayer slashes you in half at the waist with it's massive axe.

G A M E  O V E R

> east
Right as you begin to move the slayer slashes you in half at the waist with it's massive axe.

G A M E  O V E R

> approach oven.
As you approach the oven, you smell sulfur, along with faint screaming. Something is burning inside the oven.

> open oven
You try to open the oven, but it has been melted shut. The screaming intensifies, and then stops altogether.

> Look at wedding photograph
A wedding photograph. Something is off about this picture...

> Look at child photograph
A photograph of a child, presumably of the couple in the wedding photo. Something is off about this picture...

> Look at family photograph
A photograph of a seemingly happy family. There is a slight bevel...

> Look at veteran photograph
A photograph of an army veteran.

> Look inside uniform
You find a small folded paper inside of the army uniform.

> Read paper
The paper reads:

"I'm sorry son. Your mother...she loved you very much. I had to do it. I couldn't stand seeing her like this."

> Pull back shower curtain
You pull back the shower curtain to reveal a woman lying naked and motionless in the shower. There are markings around her neck and throat.

> Turn off light
You flip the hallway light switch, turning the lights off. A word appears on each photograph.

> Affection
You hear something click.

> Procreation
You hear something click.

> Patricide
The door has unlocked.

> approach blonde woman
As you approach the woman, she turns to you:

"Hey. You seem new here. What's your name?"

> Jack Berkowitz
"Jack Berkowitz. Why do you want to know?" you tell the woman.

"I just wanted to know your name, relax. I'm Caroline."

She offers her hand, but you don't take it.

"Is there something you wanted?" you tell her

"Kind of strange place, isn't it?"

"Yeah...it is."

"Are you okay?" she inquires,

"Yeah, it's nothing." you reply.

"speaking of nothing -- how did you get here?"

"What do you mean?"

"I must be dreaming this...this place can't be real. It can't be."

"Real enough for me, that's for sure..."

"I was driving home from work," she tells you,"when I got into an accident. Strange thing was, there were no other cars on the road that night. Next thing I knew I found myself awake in this strange down."

"Yeah..."

"Are you sure you're alright?"

"Yeah. I'm fine."

"Well then if you are real -- a real, breathing human being -- how did you end up here?"

"I don't want to talk about it...it's nothing you want to hear, anyways. Long story."

"Fine. Don't tell me."

You sigh, and then tell her:

"It felt like I was being taken over by something...it was as if the Angel of Death was looking into my soul..."

"Well...since you're here...maybe you can help me with something."

"such as?"

"You see...my boyfriend is here. A couple of months back, he went missing. But I saw him just now. I swear it. I'm not hallucinating. I thought I was, but I'm not."

"So? Go find him. What do you need me for?"

You walk away.

Caroline walks after you.

"Hey."

You stop, and turn around. She walks up to you.

"You're big and strong. You can protect me, can't you?"

As she says this, a voice pierces you mind:

"Just promise me one thing...that we will always be together. Always. Forever."

Caroline inquires: "Are you sure you're okay?"

"Yeah I'm fine."

"So?"

"Okay. I'll protect you."

"You promise? I mean...I've seen those things. I've seen...HIM. I don't want to die."

"I promise. Now let's go."

> Give Caroline coat
"You cold?" You ask her.

"Freezing. I've never felt this old in my life."

You give her your leather Jacket.

"Here. Take this."

"Are you sure?"

"Yeah, I'm fine."

"What about you?"

"Take it. Cold doesn't bother me."

She puts on the Jacket.

"Something the matter?" She asks.

"You just remind me of someone I know...someone important to me."

"Who?" she asks, but you don't want to tell her.

> approach desk
You approach the front desk. A hotel manifest is in front of you.

> Read manifest
A list of names, scrawled in blood:

JOE BALL
CHARLES ALBRIGHT
ANGELO BUONO JR.
TED BUNDY
CHARLES MANSON
ALBERT FISH
JEFFREY DAHMER
ED GEIN
DENNIS RADER

> press button
The elevator hums into motion. For a minute you swear you saw a message flicker across the small screen:

WELCOME TO HELL

The message disappears almost instantly.

Finally, you arrive at the sixth floor.

> look

Sixth floor
The Sixth floor.

Caroline tells you to try the fourth room.  An exit leads north.

> north
You move north.

604
Room 604.

Nothing out of the ordinary. Completely orderly, almost as if recently prepared.

"I guess he's not here." Says Caroline, standing near the doorway.

Something catches your eye: a light coming from the bathroom door.  An exit leads south.

> enter bathroom
Sorry, I'm not sure which object you are trying to enter.

> look

604 Bathroom
The bathroom.

Seemingly nothing out of the ordinary.

> leave bathroom
The door slams shut as you attempt to leave the bathroom.

The lights begin to flicker as the mirror cracks and shatters.

Blood begins to flow down the walls as if they were alive. You try to pound on the door.

"Open the door!!" You cry out.

And then the power goes out completely.

Behind you, a corpse, illuminated by a candle.

It bears the eerie resemblance of yourself.

"SOMEBODY OPEN THE DOOR!!! CAROLINE?!" You yell out.

No response.

Suddenly, you are knocked off your feet.

And then it -- the slayer -- appears before you.

It raises its axe.

You throw your arms up in defense as it brings the axe down.

Right before the blade collides with your flesh, you find yourself in a long corridor. No door on either side.

Something drawing you in...you feel the urge to walk forward.

> walk down hallway
You begin to walk down the hallway, when suddenly, the slayer appears behind you.

It begins to walk after you.

> run down hallway
You run as fast as you can to get away from it, but it always seems to be right behind you.

Up ahead, room 602.

> enter 602
Sorry, I'm not sure which object you are trying to enter.

> pick up paper
The paper reads:

"He stands tall against the sinners and the guilty,
Punishment knows no name like his.
He stands strong against the wicked,
For they know no name like his.
Like a rock, he stands,
For the wicked shall know no name like his."

The slayer enters the room.

TO BE CONTINUED...

> walk north
You walk briskly down the hallway. The slayer catches up to you, raising his axe. He slams the blade into your spine as you collapse. He executes you.

G A M E  O V E R

*** You have lost ***
Would you like to restart, restore a saved game, quit or undo the last command?

