Untitled
Dawns another day and another opportunity to get richer at other people's expense. You leave the tribesman village and approach the yard of the hotel.

The yard
You wish there was less shrubbery and more stacks made of the money.  Also here is a trash can.  Exits are north, south and southwest.

> north
You move north.

The lobby
It is still there and probably stays here when we all are gone. (Have i mentioned the columns made of the pure marble in this lobby?)  Also here is a seismology book.  A woman is here.  Exits are east, south, west, southeast and northwest.  Woman in here turns to you and says: "So you are still around, you clumsy jock? Here is your book." She hands you a novel by Kafka.

> take book
"Look but put it back afterwards," says the woman.

> drop novel
You drop the novel and sneak off with the seismology book.

> west
You move west.

The toilet
After not visiting it for the last episode, the toilet is a welcome sight.  Also here is a towel and a barf.  An exit leads east.

> take towel
Ok, you pick up the towel.

> east
You move east.

The lobby
It is still there and probably stays here when we all are gone. (Have i mentioned the columns made of the pure marble in this lobby?)  a woman is here.  Exits are east, south, west, southeast and northwest.

> northwest
You move northwest.

The Restaurant
The very same restaurant. You mostly care for the bar.  Also here is a tray.  A policeman and a female waiter are here.  Exits are west and southeast.

> west
You move west.

The kitchen
It does look surreal with all those mismatching cooks and cuisines.  Also here is a icebox.  An exit leads east.

> open icebox
You open the icebox.  Inside the icebox is the ice cubes.

> take cubes
(from the icebox)
Ok, you take the ice cubes from the icebox.

> put cubes in towel
You put the ice cubes inside the towel.

> east
You move east.

The Restaurant
The very same restaurant. You mostly care for the bar.  Also here is a tray.  A policeman and a female waiter are here.  Exits are west and southeast.

> southeast
You move southeast.

The lobby
It is still there and probably stays here when we all are gone. (Have i mentioned the columns made of the pure marble in this lobby?)  a woman is here.  Exits are east, south, west, southeast and northwest.

> south
You move south.

The yard
You wish there was less shrubbery and more stacks made of the money.  Also here is a trash can.  Exits are north, south and southwest.

> southwest
You move southwest.

The beach
Some people are nude here. Since they doesn't wear the jewelry besides the clothes, you couldn't care less.  A bloke in the bandages is here.  An exit leads east.

> give towel to bloke
"That is much better," says the bloke, while pressing the ice wrapped inside the towel to his head.

> give guide to bloke
"The self described seismologist has much less complicated equipment you say?" The bloke stands up and comes to the the yard. He explains with the clearity and the authority to the crowd,  what is wrong with this so called seismologist. The policeman (who has been holding hands with the fired waitress) takes the fraud away and everybody calms down.

*** You have won ***
You go back to your room and much to your surprise you find a strange lady sitting on your bed. To be continued...
Would you like to restart, restore a saved game, quit or undo the last command?

