The Drunken Harlot
The sun dips behind the hills as you trudge along the muddy road. You pause briefly to catch your breath, sweat dripping off your face. You straighten up and stretch out your arms and legs, occasionally glancing back over your shoulder. It would seem that you've managed to escape the angry mob.

Who knew that banging all the pretty girls in a town would turn them against you? If anything, they should be thanking you for bringing joy to their dreary sexless lives. You lament the loss of your sword, dagger, and most of your clothes, but more so the loss of your harp. What's a bard without an instrument?

You stroll down the road, mindful of getting too much dirt on your boots, for a few hundred yards, eventually coming upon a large, well-built inn and tavern. Judging by the sounds coming from inside, it seems you've found a place to rest, and perhaps con some unsuspecting lass out of her virtue.

Throw out a few compliments, impress them with your heroics and buy a few drinks, and you'll have your pick of the ladies.

You stroll up to the door, pausing briefly to feel your pockets. Damn! No money...

Outside the Drunken Harlot
Placed at the intersection of two large, well-traveled trade routes, this tall, two-story building sits nestled in a sea of trees and brush. Sounds of merriment and raucous laughter can be heard echoing through the still night. A large wooden sign hangs above the main entrance to the north. Off to the side of the building, a large stone well sits abandoned.  The large, fat corpse of a former patron lays sprawled out in the road.

> x sign
This large sign hangs above the entrance to the building. The image of a scantily-clad young girl holding two mugs of ale has been etched upon it. The words "The Drunken Harlot" have been scrawled below the image in a flowery script.

> read sign
There is nothing worth reading on the wooden sign.

> x well
Moss creeps up between the stones of this old well. Long since abandoned, a sturdy rope is the only remnants of the pulley system used to draw water. It appears as if the rope would hold someone if they had a mind to descend into the darkness...

> x corpse
This large, bloody corpse was recently tossed out of the door of the inn. You're not sure what he did to deserve this, but you're glad it wasn't you.

> search corpse
You spend a few moments digging through the corpse for anything of value, occasionally checking to make sure no one is watching. After a few fruitless minutes, you eventually discover a purse of gold coins hidden away in a concealed pocket. Jackpot!

> i
You are carrying a leather bag.

> x bag
This small leather bag contains enough coins to last the night and then some!

> what is a grue
The grue is a sinister, lurking presence in the dark places of the earth. Its favorite diet is adventurers, but its insatiable appetite is tempered by its fear of light. No grue has ever been seen by the light of day, and few have survived its fearsome jaws to tell the tale.

> n
You move north.

Inside the Drunken Harlot
You wouldn't think it possible, but you'd swear the inside of the inn was much larger than the outside. Long rows of tables and chairs line the wooden floors, each one occupied by a variety of humans, elves, dwarves and halflings. Females of all sorts move about the room, exciting the men and serving them drinks. Against the far wall rests a long, fully-stocked bar. Stairs lead up to the second floor and the main exit is back to the south.  Judging by the number of people and the raucous behavior, it wouldn't be difficult to listen to a few conversations without getting caught.  Arysa stands behind the bar, her eyes watching over the room.  Cherise moves about the crowd, delighting them with her touch and whispering softly into their ears.

> x bar
This long wooden bar occupies the far corner of the common room. Various stools, all of which are occupied, run the length of the bar. Bottles of various color and size line the shelves of the bar, each one labeled with words and symbols unfamiliar to you.

> x patrons
All throughout the room, men of all ages, from gangly teenagers to grizzled veterans, laugh and carouse with the best of them. Virtually none of them seem to even notice your presence.

> x girls
Moving throughout the crowds, you see girls of every race, human, elf, dwarf, halfing, each one wearing sheer, provocative clothing. Occasionally, one of them will cast a glance your way, but the only one to really take notice of you is the buxom blonde girl in the white dress.

> x stairs
This ornate set of wooden stairs leads up to the second floor of The Drunken Harlot. Etched in the ceiling above the stairs are the words, "Metdoevi uhoa tqiseoab, wuo di'oouseui"

> x tables
A seemingly impossible number of wooden tables and chairs have been piled into the room, each one occupied by one or more patrons.

> x arysa
Arysa is a dark elf who works at the Drunken Harlot as the bartender and bouncer. Her long green hair hangs down to her waist, held back by a series of colorful bands. Her bright, blue eyes contrast with the deep purple hue of her smooth skin.

Arysa is wearing a thin cotton dress.

> greet arysa
You walk up to the bar and sit down on an empty stool. After a few minutes, the bartender, a beautiful young dark elf, walks over to you. "What can I get you stranger?"

You look around at the busy tavern floor. "I was hoping for a place to sleep and maybe a few drinks, but you look full up."

The elf waves her hand dismissively. "We got plenty of room. Name's Arysa. I run this joint. If you need anything, just ask about our services. It's been a while since we've had some new blood in here."

You smile at her. "I'll keep that in mind."

> x arysa
Arysa is a dark elf who works at the Drunken Harlot as the bartender and bouncer. Her long green hair hangs down to her waist, held back by a series of colorful bands. Her bright, blue eyes contrast with the deep purple hue of her smooth skin.

Arysa is wearing a thin cotton dress.

> x arysa's tits
Arysa's tight cotton dress hugs the delicate curves of her full, perky bosoms. You can see the outline of her hard, dark nipples as they press against the fabric.

> x arysa's ass
Only the faintest hint of Arysa's full, curvy bottom can be seen through her tight cotton dress.

> x arysa's pussy
Unfortunately, you can't see that through her clothing.

> x cherise
Cherise is a young human who works at the Drunken Harlot as an entertainer and waitress. Her long blonde hair hangs loosely about her shoulders, framing her beautiful, sensual. Her sparkling green eyes and rosy lips exhibit her carefree and playful nature.

Cherise is wearing an exquisite satin dress with matching stockings.

> greet cherise
You walk up to the pretty blonde girl working the room, your eyes casually taking in her delicate curves. You give her your best and most dazzling smile as she turns and looks at you, her eyes aflame with interest.

"What's your name, pretty lady?"

The young blonde giggles and holds out her hand. "Cherise, handsome. What's your's?"

You take her hand and kiss it gently, causing her to giggle and blush. "My name is Bard"

> proposition cherise
You pull Cherise in close to you, her body pressed against your own. You run a hand through her blonde locks, causing her to sigh softly. "Cherise, what's it going to take to get you out of that dress and up to my room?"

Cherise pulls back slightly. "Well, Bard, there are just so many fine gentleman here vying for my company tonight. What sets you apart from the rest?"

Looks like you'll have to woo her if you want any part of what she's got under that dress.

> brag to arysa
You spend several minutes regaling Arysa with your tales of valor and heroism. She doesn't seem very impressed by you or your antics. Perhaps you should try this with someone else.

> compliment arysa
You saddle up to the bar and deliver your best line at Arysa. She laughs and shrugs it off. Guess she is immune to your charms.

> buy room
You pull a few gold coins out of your pouch and hand them to Arysa. She thanks you with a smile. "Your room is upstairs and to the right."

> open tab
You instruct Arysa to open up a tab for you. After assuring her that you have the money, she does so. You can now buy a drink for yourself or others.

> buy drink
You walk up to the bar and order a drink from Arysa. She gives you a small smile as she hands it to you. You thank her and turn away from the bar, admiring the pretty girls as you down your drink.

> buy drink
You sit down at the bar and order another drink. Arysa happily pours you a second and you thank her with a wink. You turn back around and lean up against the bar, idly glancing around at the people in the bar. In the far corner of the room, you see three dwarves and a large human playing cards. One of the dwarves tenses for a few seconds before relaxing. Your eyes go wide as you watch a pretty halfing girl crawl out from underneath the table and wipe her mouth.

> buy drink
You confidently stride up to the bar and signal for Arysa to pour you a third drink. She happily obliges and you're quickly downing yet another stiff concoction. You're momentarily distracted when a lithe young elf girl slides up next to you and rattles off a quick order of drinks. She casts you a demure smile as you glance down at her. You feel your cock harden as you stare at the sheer materal of her top, her hard pink nipples straining against the fabric. You watch her curvy, delicate ass as she walks back into the crowd to deliver the drinks.

> proposition arysa
You lean up against the bar and cast your eyes slowly over Arysa's curvy form.

"So Arysa.. what's it gonna take to get you out of the dress and up to my room?"

The dark elf laughs softly. "Oh honey, I don't think you want any part of what I got to offer. Why not try one of the girls on the floor?"

You wave your hand. "I want a real woman. Not one of those..."

Arysa looks you over. "I'll admit... it is tempting. It's been a while since I had a pretty boy like you."

You smile triumphantly. "See. Why not take a chance on me?"

Arysa leans in close to you, her soft hand stroking your own, her eyes looking deep into your soul. "Have you ever... met a Dark Elf before, handsome?"

You fight to keep your eyes level with her own. "Sure.. I've tangled with a few on the battlefield."

Arysa runs her hand up your arm and back again. "How many of those were male?"

You think for a moment before responding. "Now that I think of it.. I don't think I've ever seen a male Dark Elf before..."

She leans in and whispers in your ear. "That's because there aren't any."

Your eyes go wide at that revelation and you quickly jerk your hand back, causing Arysa to laugh loudly. "I.. I see.. well.. I won't trouble you then."

She smiles at you. "You're too cute..."

You smile weakly at her and walk away from the bar.

> u
You move up.

Second Floor of the Drunken Harlot
A fairly non-descript hallway. This is mainly a thoroughfare for traveling from room to room. An almost immeasurable number of rooms stretch out down the various hallways, making the place appear much larger on the inside than it does from outside. You can hear a very loud party coming from the door in front of you. If they were to continue on, it would be very difficult to sleep.  Your room is to the east.

> e
You move east.

Bedroom
This large, luxurious bedroom overlooks the road leading east away from the Drunken Harlot. The wood floors are neatly swept and the surfaces are spotless. A small table serves as a nightsand, sitting next to a large, comfortable bed.

> x bed
This large, comfortable bed has clean, satin sheets and many, many pillows.

> x table
This small, unassuming table serves as a nightstand for your bedroom.  A brass lantern is on the wooden table.

> take lantern
(from the wooden table)
Ok, you take the brass lantern from the wooden table.

> i
You are carrying a leather bag and a brass lantern.

> w
You move west.

Second Floor of the Drunken Harlot
A fairly non-descript hallway. This is mainly a thoroughfare for traveling from room to room. An almost immeasurable number of rooms stretch out down the various hallways, making the place appear much larger on the inside than it does from outside. You can hear a very loud party coming from the door in front of you. If they were to continue on, it would be very difficult to sleep.  Your room is to the east.

> d
You move down.

Inside the Drunken Harlot
You wouldn't think it possible, but you'd swear the inside of the inn was much larger than the outside. Long rows of tables and chairs line the wooden floors, each one occupied by a variety of humans, elves, dwarves and halflings. Females of all sorts move about the room, exciting the men and serving them drinks. Against the far wall rests a long, fully-stocked bar. Stairs lead up to the second floor and the main exit is back to the south.  Arysa stands behind the bar, her eyes watching over the room.  Cherise moves about the crowd, delighting them with her touch and whispering softly into their ears.

> s
You move south.

Outside the Drunken Harlot
Placed at the intersection of two large, well-traveled trade routes, this tall, two-story building sits nestled in a sea of trees and brush. Sounds of merriment and raucous laughter can be heard echoing through the still night. A large wooden sign hangs above the main entrance to the north. Off to the side of the building, a large stone well sits abandoned.  The large, fat corpse of a former patron lays sprawled out in the road.

> d
You move down.

Down the Well
The water in the well is only ankle-deep, but doesn't look very fresh. Moss grows up between the rocks that comprise the well. Several stones have fallen off of the walls and unto a large, humanoid skeleton. You can make out some writing on the wall next to the skeleton. Light shines down from above, but doesn't quite reach the bottom. A long, sturdy rope leads back up to the surface.

> x skeleton
Piles of stone and rock have crushed most of the old skeleton. Bits of mold and dirt cover the otherwise white surface of the bones.

> x message
A short message, scrawled in blood upon the stones of the well, reads, "Beware the inn! All is not as it seems!

> search skeleton
You pick around the rocks and bones for a few moments before coming across a golden necklace lodged in the skeletons sternum. You pull it out and admire it for a few seconds before stuffing it in your pocket.

> x necklace
The pendant of this golden necklace bears an odd angelic symbol. If you spend too much time staring at it, you feel compelled to put it on.

> wear necklace
You slip the golden necklace over your head and tuck it under your shirt. As the medallion hits your skin, pain and fire lance through your body. The whole necklace burns hot against your skin, searing your flesh as it slowly digs into your body. You thrash and struggle, trying to get it off, but to no avail. You fall to your knees, panting, as the golden medallion melts into your flesh. You collapse to the ground, helpless as the hot, golden symbol burns into your heart.

After a few minutes, your heart rate slows and your breathing returns to normal. As the pain slowly fades away, a calm, soothing aura settles over your skin. You feel.. safe and at peace now.

> u
You move up.

Outside the Drunken Harlot
Placed at the intersection of two large, well-traveled trade routes, this tall, two-story building sits nestled in a sea of trees and brush. Sounds of merriment and raucous laughter can be heard echoing through the still night. A large wooden sign hangs above the main entrance to the north. Off to the side of the building, a large stone well sits abandoned.  The large, fat corpse of a former patron lays sprawled out in the road.

> n
You move north.

Inside the Drunken Harlot
You wouldn't think it possible, but you'd swear the inside of the inn was much larger than the outside. Long rows of tables and chairs line the wooden floors, each one occupied by a variety of humans, elves, dwarves and halflings. Females of all sorts move about the room, exciting the men and serving them drinks. Against the far wall rests a long, fully-stocked bar. Stairs lead up to the second floor and the main exit is back to the south.  Arysa stands behind the bar, her eyes watching over the room.  Cherise moves about the crowd, delighting them with her touch and whispering softly into their ears.

> brag to cherise
You sit down in an open chair and wave Cherise over. She sways her hips as she sits down on your lap, her arm wrapped around your neck. You take her by the hand. "Cherise... have you ever heard about the Battle of Torsage?"

She shake her head. "No.. where you there?"

You laugh haughtily. "Was I there? My dear.. I was the Battle of Torsage"

She gasps. "Whatever do you mean?"

She listens in wonderment as you regale her with your tales of heroism and valor at the Battle of Torsage... how you drove back the army of vicious Sand Gnomes with a bucket of water and a sponge. She gasps as you recount your efforts to slay the great Sand Snake of Caldum.

As you finish the tale, you gently pat and squeeze her stocking-covered thigh. "In the end, the people of Torsage threw themselves at me, worshiping me as their ruler, but I couldn't accept."

"Why not?" she asks breathlessly.

"The night before my coronation, I had a dream. In this dream I was wondering... lost in a fog. Suddenly, the fog broke and an angel appeared, guiding me into the light. I didn't know it then, but that angel was you, guiding me here."

Cherise squeals and hugs your neck, her ample bosom pressing against your face. "That's so amazing! You'll have to tell me another story some other time."

> buy drink for cherise
You walk up to the bar and order a strong, yet flowery drink. Arysa pours it and hands it back to you with a wink. Smiling, you walk over to Cherise and offer her the glass. She smiles at you. "I really shouldn't. Alcohol does strange things to me."

You put your arm around her shoulder. "Don't worry, I won't let anything happen to you."

She rests her head on your shoulder. "You're sweet." You smile at her as she takes the stiff drink from your hand and drinks the whole thing down.

> compliment cherise
You pull Cherise into your arms, her hot body pressed up against your own. "Cherise, has anyone ever told you that you've the eyes of an angel?"

Cherise giggles and blushes. "They have... but none of them have been as handsome as you."

> proposition cherise
You pull Cherise in close to you, her body pressed against your own. You run a hand through her blonde locks, causing her to sigh softly. "Cherise, what's it going to take to get you out of that dress and up to my room?"

Cherise leans in close and whispers to you. "You've done everything a girl can ask for. Why don't you meet me upstairs and I'll show you something you'll never forget."

You watch as Cherise walks up to the bar and exchanges words with Arysa. The two girls glance at you and giggle quietly. Arysa clasps Cherise's hand and kisses her on the cheek. Cherise turns at walks slowly towards the stairs, her hips swaying. Once she reaches the bottom of the steps, she turns and blows you a kiss before heading up the stairs.

Many.. many jealous men stare at you, but you shrug them off.

> u
You move up.

Second Floor of the Drunken Harlot
A fairly non-descript hallway. This is mainly a thoroughfare for traveling from room to room. An almost immeasurable number of rooms stretch out down the various hallways, making the place appear much larger on the inside than it does from outside. You can hear a very loud party coming from the door in front of you. If they were to continue on, it would be very difficult to sleep.  Your room is to the east.

> knock on door
Deciding that you won't be able to sleep with that ruckus, you bang on the door loudly, hoping to get the attention of someone inside. As you pound incessantly on the wooden surface, the door suddenly jerks open, giving you an eyeful of drunk, naked dwarf. His cock bobs up and down as he staggers towards you, eventually leaning up against the frame of the door.

"Well.. yer prolly the ugliest human I e'er seen, but I ain't so picky as to turn down a piece o' ass. You ready to party?"

You quickly explain the situation about the noise, but he doesn't seem to understand you, his eyes slipping in and out of focus. Before long, a short, hairless arm drapes itself around his wide, hairy chest. As the young girl pulls her companion back into the room, the scarf he was wearing falls to the ground outside the door. As the door slams shut, the party resumes. You sigh to yourself and stoop down to pick up the silk scarf.

> x scarf
This long, black scarf is made of silk. It can be used to blindfold someone.

> e
You move east.

Bedroom
This large, luxurious bedroom overlooks the road leading east away from the Drunken Harlot. The wood floors are neatly swept and the surfaces are spotless. A small table serves as a nightsand, sitting next to a large, comfortable bed.  Cherise is sitting on your bed, waiting patiently for you.

> x cherise
Cherise is a young human who works at the Drunken Harlot as an entertainer and waitress. Her long blonde hair hangs loosely about her shoulders, framing her beautiful, sensual. Her sparkling green eyes and rosy lips exhibit her carefree and playful nature.

Cherise is wearing an exquisite satin dress with matching stockings.

> strip cherise
Cherise casts you a coy glance from the bed. "Help me out of these clothes, handsome."

All too happy to oblige her, you drop down to your knees and pull of her shoes, taking time to gently caress her delicate feet. You reach up underneath her dress, your fingers brushing against her hot, wet pussy as you gently roll down each of her stockings. As she lifts her legs to help, you can't resist looking up her skirt, your mouth watering at the sight of her tight, hairless cunt. After her stockings are off, she stands and turns around, sticking her ass out slightly. You reach up and gently unfasten the buttons on her dress, letting it slide off of her shoulders. As you pull her dress around, your hands brush up against her full, firm breasts and you feel your cock jump inside your pants. As you slide her dress all the way down her milky white thighs, she steps out of it and lays out across the bed, her fingers idly tracing across her naked flesh.

> x dress
Cherise's beautiful dress lies in a crumpled heap at the bottom of your bed.

> dress cherise
You're about to suggest that Cherise put her clothes back on when you feel a giant, fourth-wall breaking hand smack you upside the head.

> blindfold cherise
You hold the silk scarf up and dangle it in front of Cherise. She reaches for it, but you pull it away. Cherise runs her fingers across the valley between her tits. "What are you going to do with that, lover?"

You smile as you step towards her and wrap it gently around her head, covering her eyes. "You are naughty. Don't keep me waiting too long."

> search dress
With Cherise blindfolded, you carefully look through her dress, searching for something to explain that odd feeling you have in the back of your mind. After a few seconds, your fingers close in on a small, half-empty vial. You pick it up.

> x potion
Looking into the vial, you see a swirling potion of red liquid streaked with white. It seems there's just enough left for one mouthful.

> drink potion
Unscrewing the cap, you chug down the last of the potion, noting the odd combination of salt and iron as you swallow the final drop. As the potion courses through your body, you feel a sudden invigoration of strength and stamina. You flex your arms and chest, noting your increased muscle mass. Looking down, you've noticed that your cock has grown about two inches in length and about an inch and a half in girth. You're not sure, but you think your balls might have grown a bit, as well.

> strip
You unbuckle your belt and toss it to the side. Reaching down, you hop around as you shake off your leather boots. Pulling your leather tunic over your head, you quickly remove the cotton shirt as well. You slide your pants down to your ankles and step out of them, exposing your throbbing cock to the room.

> x my cock
Your throbbing cock measures at roughly 11 inches long and 3 inches around.

> rub my cock
You grip your cock in your hand, stroking it a few times while staring at Cherise's naked body. Oh the things you're going to do to her...

> kiss cherise
You pull Cherise to her feet and kiss her deeply, your tongues entertwined within her mouth.

As you kiss Cherise, you feel a tingling start in your brain and slowly work its way down through your body, eventually settling in your heart. As the tingling engulfs your beating heart, you feel the pendant grow warm, expunging the magic from your system. As you break the kiss, you look at Cherise, her body flushed and her breasts heaving. You push her gently down to the bed.

Reaching down you pull the blindfold off of her head and toss it aside. Cherise looks at you, utter love and devotion in her eyes.

> kiss cherise
You pull Cherise to her feet and kiss her deeply, your tongues entertwined within her mouth.

> x cherise's tits
Cherise's milky white tits are firm and round, each one the size of a large melon.

> rub cherise's tits
You run your hands up Cherise's soft flesh and gently cup her breasts, squeezing them softly. The young blonde moans in delight as you knead her flesh, taking special care to run your fingers across her hard, pink nipples. She gasps as you pinch and pull each one with your thumb and forefinger.

> lick cherise's tits
You lean over and gently kiss the soft, bare flesh of Cherise's ample bosom. She giggles softly as you tease and suck her hard, pink nipples with your mouth and tongue. You kiss your way to her other breast, leaving a thin trail of saliva across her chest. As you nibble gently on her sensitive nubs, she runs her hands through your hair, moaning loudly.

> fuck cherise's tits
You push Cherise onto her back and climb on top of her, your hard cock bouncing across her tits. Gripping the base of your cock, you rub it across her tits and over her nipples a few times before settling in between her luscious breats. As you start to thrust your cock in and out of her valley, she pushes her boobs up, completely enveloping your throbbing member. As you ram your cock in and out of her soft, full bosom, Cherise opens her mouth, allowing the head of your cock to pop in and out of her warm, wet lips. Each time you feel her talented tongue lick across your hard shaft, you shiver and your balls tighten.

After several moments of pumping your cock, you pull back and spray your sticky cum all over her large, perky tits. As you crawl off of her, she playfully rubs your cum over her heaving tits, toying with the sticky strands before licking her fingers clean.

> x cherise's ass
Cherise's pale, round ass curves perfectly from her waist to her hips, forming a perfect pear shape.

> rub cherise's ass
You flip Cherise over onto her stomach and run your hands up her silky smooth thighs. Cupping her firm, round ass in your hands, you gently squeeze her buttocks, pulling them apart and exposing her tight, puckered asshole. Running a finger down her ass, you slowly rub and caress her ass before slowly inserting your finger into her anus. As you thrust your finger in and out of her ass, you feel her muscles tighten as she presses back against you, her hips grinding her ass into your hand.

> lick cherise's ass
You're in control here, why would you be licking her ass?

> x cherise's pussy
Cherise's tight, pale pussy drips with excitement, her pink clitoris sticking out from between her hairless, puffy lips.

> rub cherise's pussy
You pull Cherise close and kiss her deeply again, letting your tongue hit the sensitive spots of her mouth. Slipping a hand down her chest and over her stomach, you cup her wet, hairless pussy in your hand. She instinctively parts her legs, allowing you full access to her wet, sticky folds. You run a finger along her slit, causing her to moan and bite your lower lip. As her pussy opens, you quickly insert two fingers into her depths, noting how hot and ready she is. You quickly start to finger her twat, causing her juices to flow around your fingers. Flicking your thumb up, you find her hard, exposed clit and start toying with it. The combined sensations overwhelm the buxom young blonde and her pussy quickly contracts around your fingers and her body tenses as an orgasm rushes through her body. Sweaty and out of breath, Cherise collapses back against the bed, you pull your hand away from her pussy and run your fingers up her flat stomach and full breasts, leaving a trail of sticky girl cum across her front.

> lick cherise's pussy
You're in control here, she should be pleasuring you!

> cherise rub my cock
Cherise runs her hands down your chest and stomach, eventually reaching your hard, throbbing cock. Gripping the base with one hand, Cherise slowly starts to jerk your cock, letting her other hand grip and cup your balls. As Cherise pumps your cock and massages your nuts, she runs her thumb across the underside of your knob, causing your knees to buckle. As her tempo increases, Cherise's other hand snakes down past your balls and she starts to slowly massage your ass. You jump, but her grip on your cock causes you to relax and let her work her magic. Cherise jerks your cock hard and slowly inserts one of her fingers into your tight ass, massaging your prostate. Unable to withstand the dual stimulation, your cock swells in her hand, exploding across her chest and face in a torrent of hot sticky jizz. Stream after stream of cum streaks out of your cock and coats her smooth, ivory skin. Once you finish convulsing, Cherise releases you and begins to rub your cum all over her chest and neck, only stopping once it is all soaked into her skin.

> fuck cherise's pussy
You grab Cherise by the hips and flip her onto her stomach. "Head down, ass up." Cherise quickly complies and assumes her position, displaying her curvy ass and dripping pussy to you. You get on your knees behind her and run your hands over her smooth, milky white skin. Without warning, you slap her ass a few times, causing her to yelp loudly. Gripping your cock by the hilt, you rub your throbbing member over her wet pussy, up and down from her clit to her asshole. "Beg for it like the slut you are. Tell me where to stick my big, fat cock."

Cherise looks back at you, her eyes filled with love and lust. "Fuck my whore pussy, baby. Make me your bitch!"

You tease the head of your cock inside her entrance and let it sit for a moment. "You don't sound very convincing. How bad do you need this cock in your little cunt?"

Unable to take it anymore, Cherise tries to slide back onto your cock, but your powerful hands push against her ass, keeping her where she is. "Noooo... please fuck my pussy. Pump me full of your cum. I need it, baby. Pleeease...."

You feel her hips straining against your hands, her pussy trying desperately to impale itself upon your cock. "Well.. ok." you say as you release her hips and let her slide back, her slick pussy taking all eleven inches deep into her womb. Cherise howls loudly, instantly cumming around your throbbing cock, her muscles clenching and milking your member. Cherise goes limp, supported only by your hands and cock as you start to slowly pound your tool into her sticky, orgasming pussy. The overwhelming sensation jerks her back to reality and she starts to moan again, her pleasure quickly mounting.

You lean forward over her back, jamming your long, thick cock in and out of her pussy with gusto, forcing her ass to jiggle with each thrust. You reach down and curl your fingers through her blonde curls, pushing her face down into the pillows. You run your tongue across her ear lobe, spit dribbling down her face. "You're my bitch now, Cherise. Forever and always. Do you understand?" Cherise nods meekly and you lean back up. Gripping her tightly by the waist, you start to jam your cock in and out of her at a nearly inhuman pace. Within moments, your body tightens and your toes curl as you bury yourself into her womb and deposit load after load of hot, sticky cum inside her. Cherise screams into the pillow again, her second orgasm washing over her.

Pulling out of her wet, loose pussy, you reach over and grab her hair, pulling her around. "Clean my cock off, slut." Cherise eagerly licks and sucks all the remnants of your recent fuck off of your cock, her loving eyes never leaving your own. "We're going to be doing that a lot more," you tell her. "Would you like that? Do you want me to pump your slutty pussy full of babies?"

Cherise coos in delight around your cock and continues slobbering up and down your shaft until it's clean.

> fuck cherise's ass
You lift Cherise's legs up until her ankles are close to her head. Mildly surprised at her limberness, you run your hands down her thighs and over her wet, sticky pussy. As you slowly run your fingers in and out of her pussy, she looks at you. "Are you going to fuck me now, baby?"

You idly toy with her juicy folds before responding. "In a manner of speaking."

"What do you..." her words are cut off as you abruptly shove two of your juice covered fingers into her ass. As you roughly finger her tight asshole, she squeals and moves her hips, attempting to dislodge herself. You give her ass a hard slap.

"Stop that." Cherise slows her movements and complies with your wishes. "Good girl. Now just relax and get ready for an ass fucking." Cherise nods meekly and bites her lip as you slowly work the head of your monster cock into her ass. As you work inch after inch of your cock deep within her, Cherise's apprehension is quickly replaced with lust and she starts to slowly work her hips, inviting you deeper inside. After a few minutes of pushing, you finally manage to sink all eleven inches of your throbbing cock inside her bowels. You look down at your little slave girl. "Do you like having my big cock in your tight little whore ass?"

Cherise nods as you start to thrust your cock in and out of her. "Unh... do it.. fuck my slutty ass." Spurred on by her words you increase your tempo, pounding her ass for all you're worth. You're slightly amazed at how quickly she adjusted, but decide it's not worth dwelling over right now. Cherise grips her ankles and throws her head back, growling in animalistic pleasure. As you quickly penetrate her rear over and over again, you feel your balls start to churn. As your orgasm quickly approaches, Cherise tightens her ass, trapping your cock inside her. You both cry out, overcome with pleasure, as your orgasms wash over you. Your balls tighten as you fire load after load of hot, sticky cum deep within Cherise's once tight ass. You feel her pussy gush and run down her crack and over your balls.

You slowly withdraw your cock from her ass, marveling at how wide and deep it goes. Streams of your cum mix with her juices and pool deep inside her. Cherise reaches down and gently feels her once tight entrance. As her ass closes up, small bits of cock and pussy juice flow out over her fingers. She scoops it up and deposits it in her mouth, savoring the taste.

> cherise suck my cock
You slide off of the bed and pull Cherise around, flipping her over onto her back. Gripping her shoulders, you slide her towards you until her head hangs off the bed. You grip your cock by the base and slap it across her cheeks a few times before she takes the hint and opens her mouth as wide as she can. You pull your cock straight up and step forward, letting your balls fall onto her mouth. As she dutifully sucks and massages your nuts with her tongue, you let your cock go and watch as it slaps against her pale breasts causing them to jiggle. After a few minutes of having her work over your balls, you pull back and place the head of your cock into Cherise's hot, wet mouth. Without much warning, you slowly start to bring your cock forward, forcing your way into her throat. You look down as you do so, marveling at the huge lump pushing its way towards her stomach. Once your balls are resting on her nose, you reach forward and grab her knees, pulling her legs up to her chest.

You start to slowly thrust your huge cock in and out of her throat, forcing her to cough and gag each time you pull out. You wrap your arms around her legs and push down slightly, trapping her against the mattress. You drive your cock in and out of your toy's mouth, smiling as you feel your balls slap against her face. Once she becomes accustomed to your size, Cherise begins to work her throat on your cock, trying to coax your semen out of your balls.

Before long, you feel your balls tighten and you shove your cock back into her mouth one final time, moaning as her throat swallows and contracts around your cock. You hold her tight as your cock swells and explodes into her throat, filling her stomach with your hot, sticky seed.

Releasing Cherise's legs, you slowly pull out of her mouth, letting her breath deep. She coughs a few times, but manages to keep all of your cum inside. She smiles up at you as she flips over onto her stomach. As you stand there, recovering from your powerful orgasm, Cherise lovingly licks your cock and balls clean of the cum and slime.

> sleep

Congratulations, you've achieved your goal of fucking Cherise and taken over the operations of The Drunken Harlot to boot! You're not quite ready to give up the life of a Bard, yet having a base of operations (especially one full of hot, horny girls), will surely aid you in your goal to conquer all the pretty girls of the realm.

You've achieved "The Master" ending, one of seven endings in the game and what is considered the "offical" or "canon" ending. The adventures of the Bard will be continued in future installments! I hope you've enjoyed playing it as much as I've enjoyed writing it.

*** You have won ***
Would you like to restart, restore a saved game, quit or undo the last command?

