MARIO CARDS : The Text Adventure about a Card Game about Mario who's from a Video Game - I don't Play Them myself but my Brother plays Call of Duty and says it's Pretty Good so There You Go

GAME START

...

Darkness. All around you. Suffocating darkness. You struggle to escape but find your hands, your legs, your being is bound. A sound to your right. Footsteps? Again at your left. Who's there?

A blindfold is removed. The darkness is replaced with blinding light that burns. Your eyes slowly adjust... Red and blue swirl and haze and dance.

MARIO sits across the table. In front of him is a single DECK OF CARDS.
> "What the hell do you want from me this time, Mario?!"
> You say nothing. You know how this goes.
> Page2
MARIO laughs at your feeble attempt at ignorance.

"MAMA MIA, it's a me! Let's a go!!"

He's playing games with you now. You know what he wants, you've always known. He's known this too. He's known that you know that he knows you know what he wants.

MARIO wants to play MARIO CARDS with you.
> Mario cards? That sounds... Awful. QUIT GAME. CLOSE. How do I exit
> Let the games begin.
> Page4
MARIO CARDS can not be stopped until the game is completed. It's like that film, with Robbin Williams. Bicentennial Man. If you stop now you'll end up crying in front of your parents about a robot dying with his human wife and they'll make fun of you for days and you'll be all, "it was a sad film! Tears happen when you get sad! TEARS HAPPEN WHEN YOU GET SAD", but it won't do any good. They'll be passing you the tissue box for films to come.

Point being, you're in this until the end. But you've done it before so, by God, you'll do it again.
> Play the game
> Page6
MARIO opens the DECK OF CARDS. Every game sees a fresh pack, one of his little rules. He has a lot of rules.

You flex your hands to the best of your ability to keep up the bloodflow as MARIO begins to shuffle. There is nothing but the click of cards for a solid five, maybe even a ten. It's hard to judge the passing of time in a featureless room that I haven't bothered to describe because honestly, who cares, we all die some day.

"We gonna get this game started anytime soon?" you drawl, god you have the worst accent.

Click, clack, stop. MARIO deems the cards shuffled. The backs of the cards themselves are featureless - MARIO was always a sucker for minamalism.

"HERE WE GO...!"
> kicK OVER THE TAble godadMN this is taking forever
> sit there good and click this to progress because you're a winner at video games
> Page8
MARIO begins to set up the first round. With an expert hand, he places each card, one after the other, face down onto the table between you both. His eyes never leave you for the entire duration of the SETUP PHASE.

You, however, are scanning the layout of the cards. It's the easiest way to get a jump on what game he's setting up. While MARIO CARDS is itself a game, play consists of several smaller games - games you can get a strategical advantage of if you work out what it is before the first move. Let's see... He's doing nothing but placing the cards down onto the table. No order - to the outsider it would be chaos. But you are no outsider. You know what this has to be.

It's fucking pairs.

God.

Fucking.

Damn it.
> FUCK
> Page9
"MARIO YOU BITCH, NOBODY PLAYS PAIRS FOR FUN, NOT A SINGLE PERSON IN THE WORLD, GRAAAAH I HATE PAIRS IT'S THE WORST".

Your cries fall upon uncaring ears, ears that are nestled snug beneath that red plumbers hat that everyone in the profession totally wears and isn't just a thing Nintendo made up.

MARIO places the last card onto the table and smiles wide, all pearly whites. The smug douchebag.

You might as well get this over with.
> Pick the 4th card
> Pick the 16th card
> Pick the 29th card
> Pick the 42nd card
> Page10
You voice your choice of card, but it doesn't even matter. You KNOW it doesn't matter. I'm not talking about how we all die so nothing matters, I'm saying that in game right now your character (you) knows that it (chosing that card) doesn't matter (it doesn't) for one simple reason.

All the cards are Mario. Every single one. Always. Yup see, he just fliped it over. It's a Mario face. Not even a good one. It's a crappy Mario face that's the same as every other crappy Mario face on all of the cards because, in MARIO CARDS -

Every card is Mario.
> >:(
> Page14
"MUMO MEIA!!!!"

"I hate you. I hate everything you stand for. I've never even played a Mario title, I -"

MARIO holds up a gloved hand to silence you. You can do nothing but comply. MARIO has some wicked voodoo magic, yo.

Slowly he lowers his hand, then gestures at the cards for you to pick another.
> Refuse. Just don't. Sit there and stare him out.
> Pick a card. Have a pair. Repeat.
> Page16
"Whatever, that one. There, yeah, fine, that's the card I choose, sure" you mutter as MARIO flips over a second card. Surprise is his chosen emoticon in the drop down box of "CURRENT MOOD" as he sees you've matched up a pair. On your very first go too, what are the chances!!!!

100%, and he knows it. When you were new to the game of MARIO CARDS - fresh, young, naive - you used to think this was a genuine response. Did he really not realise all the cards were Mario? Were you seeing what he was unable to, were you somehow... Special?

Now you know it's bullshit and he's just being a dick. MARIO knows all the cards are Mario. It's the first rule of MARIO CARDS.

As per your prior chosen command, you repeat the action of choosing a card over and over. Pick one, pick two, pair. As you switch to autopilot, your mind begins to ponder the nature of MARIO CARDS, as it often does while playing. Pick one, pick two, pair. You have yet to derive any sort of meaning from it in all your games. At first you thought it was some kind of deprived sexual ritual of MARIO's, but he is literally a video game character and video game characters don't do that, unless they are a video character that does, then they do. Pick one. Then you thought maybe there was some higher power behind it, some bigger up from the top who wanted to run an experiment to test who knows what - Pick two - something neither you nor MARIO had any control over. Pair.

But you've given up on this idea too, because there are moments - as fleeting and rare that they are - that you see something deep in MARIO's eyes.
> Pick one
> Page17
Once you catch it, there's no misunderstanding, no misinterpreting the message.
> Pick two
> Page18
It's a pure thought, what you see in his eyes. It's a thought that says,

"Life is meaningless, we are but players of a game, and that game is MARIO CARDS".
> ...Pair
> Page19
So you've given up on trying to find meaning in a chaotic world that allows regular people like you to be tied up by video game characters like MARIO. You'll settle for getting through the thing as quickly as possible and hoping it's the last time you ever see that godawful mug of his.
> that has to be all the pairs now, please
> Page20
Your focus shifts from the internal monologues of your mind and back to the table in front of you. Only two cards remain unflooped.

"What a streak of luck I've had, am I right?" you croak, voice not used to saying anything but card choices for the last however long it's been, too long.

MARIO grants you a single nod of his head in reply like even that is something you don't deserve and he's gracing you with. Prick.

"Guess I'll go with the one to last card there then, if you don't mind".

He flips it. It's a Mario.
> Flip the last card and be done with this
> Page21
Before you can ask MARIO to flip the final MARIO CARD, he raises a single finger to his lips and chucks in a coy wink for good measure, like he's Father Christmas or some shit. He delicately selects the card and, being sure to keep the back of it facing you, raises it to his face as to peep a look at the card's suposed secret content. It's a Mario. You know it's a Mario, it's always a Mario come the fuck on let's end this already.

...All the same, this strikes you as odd. Not once, in all the games of MARIO CARDS you have both played, has he done anything like this. You find yourself almost eager to see what his reaction to the card is and you hate yourself a bit just for thinking that and hate him all the more for making you think it in the first place.

MARIO peeps the card. He has it so that, from your view, his face is obscured by the card until he lowers it, hiding whatever emotion his fat stupid face is currently displaying. You wait...
> Close your eyes and shout about how you don't even care, you picked the card you've won next game please
> Wait it out, you've got this, champ
> Page24
Okay fine, you'll play it his way. You sit there, waiting for him to make his move. Slowly, like the glide of a glacier or the time it takes to write a single one of these pages jesus CHRIST this is taking way longer than I thought it would, MARIO lowers the MARIO CARD. Inch by inch, his visage is revealed, like a game of Catchphrase, but I don't think they air that any more, at least not with Chip the mascot or the guy I remember hosting it.

His expression can be summed up with two unicode characters.

" :O "
> ... :O
> Page25
What does it mean? Is this genuine surprise? It... looks real. You feel like you have a pretty good judge over which MARIO EXPRESSIONS are real and which are not, all a part of being a long time player of MARIO CARDS. But surely... Nothing could be on that card that he hasn't, they both haven't, already seen a thousand times over?

... Or could it?

No, that's nonsense. Crazy talk! What about the very first rule of MARIO CARDS? There's a Mario on that card and you KNOW it.

But all the same... What if...?

MARIO's face remains unchanged. He seems to be waiting for a vocal reaction.
> Ask if you've won
> Ask if you've lost
> Page26
"So... Did I win? There's a Mario on that card, right? Ha ha, why don't you flip it and let me see, buddy?"

Calling him "buddy" affected you more than you thought it would but you honestly couldn't see yourself calling him anything higher suited than that without intense physical pain.

Without an answer, MARIO sweeps up all the cards off the table and into his hand, not once showing you the MYSTERY CARD, which is now somewhere amongst the deck.
> MYSTERY CARD? It's getting serious.
> Page28
No you're not, this was never serious, you'd hate to see the day when someone took MARIO CARDS seriously. That'd only mean MARIO had won.

With the cards back in a neat pile to one side, MARIO brings out the GAME DECIDING DEVICE from under his chair.
> Examine GAME DECIDING DEVICE
> Page29
MARIO gets up out of his chair like he just don't care and walks over, around and behind you as you study the GAME DECIDING DEVICE. Sometimes he doesn't use this, sometimes he does - more often or not that, when he does, the game chose from it is the penultimate game of the session, so you're usually pretty glad to see it. That doesn't last long though, because you then realise that seeing a magnetic toy fishing game - you know, the one where you have a tiny rod and a time limit to catch up as many snapping plastic fish as you can - has made you hopeful for a brief moment of time. Just what MARIO wanted.

You don't know why you call it the GAME DECIDING DEVICE in the privacy of your own head, but it's better than "magnetic toy fishing game".

MARIO is behind you now, holding a tiny plastic rod afront your face. He waits for you to begrudgingly clasp it between your teeth - he only unties your hands in the FINAL GAME - and you do so, not really having any other option in the matter. He returns to the table momentarily to wind up the device and the three differently coloured fish begin their janky dance around the small plastic pond. Each represent a game, you know by now which ones. They won't be swimming for long, and you don't want to find out what happens if you don't catch a fish in time, so as soon as MARIO returns behind you and leans your chair forward enough for you to try and catch one you waste no time in doing so.

The fish you choose now will set a path that you can't retrace!
> ORANGE FISH, Blackjack
> YELLOW FISH, Monopoly
> RED FISH, Go Fish
> Page30
You wiggle about with the TINY ROD until you sucsessfully catch the ORANGE FISH. This means that BLACKJACK is the next game, which is probably the least terrible out of the three you could have chosen. That being said, it's still a MARIO CARDS version of Blackjack so it's still going to be awful.

The GAME DECIDING DEVICE is stored away once more and MARIO begins shuffling the deck. You find yourself looking at him directly, studying him. He stares back of coruse, he always does, but this time it feels... Emptier. Could MARIO be getting tired of MARIO CARDS? You didn't notice earlier, but his face almost looks... Older. Aged and weathered. Perhaps you're imagining things, he's only a video game character after all. Yet... You wonder if MARIO ever dreams for an end, if he ever longs to live the life of a mortal and not the eternal existence of a god. You find yourself almost feeling sorry for h -

"YAH HOOO!!!!!!!!!!"

"Fucker!!!"

The look is gone, and you doubt it was ever real in the first place. Just another game, another part of MARIO CARDS. You are the plastic fish to his slowly revolving plastic pool and you can not stop the dance, no one can stop the dance.

MARIO finishes shuffling the cards. He lays the deck face down, ready to begin. Your only want is to see that damn MYSTERY CARD. You can only hope it comes up before the game is over and MARIO decides you've somehow got 21 with cards that have no numbers.
> Flip
> Page33
MARIO flips the first card from the deck onto the table. It's a Mario. You're confident that a single MARIO CARD can't equal 21 by itself so you tell MARIO to FLIP again.

"Flip OFF more like, as in I'd flip him off if I could move my hands". You didn't meant to say this out loud but you do. The game is starting to get to you. If MARIO hears you, he shows no sign of acknowledgement. He flips another card onto the table.

It's a Mario.

"Deal," you say, hoping that you're bust in the attempt to see more cards. MARIO doesn't stop the game of MARIO CARDS BLACKJACK until you've won three times.

MARIO moves your cards to one side and begins flipping his own. A Mario. A second. A third. He hesitates at the fourth, but goes for it anyway. Another Mario. This apparently makes him bust. MARIO smiles in defeat.

Dealer loses. You win this round.

Goddamn it.
> Flip another card, the MYSTERY CARD could be close to the top...
> Page34
A new card is flipped from the deck. A Mario. You sigh, and ask for another. As the next card is flipped, you start to think about what it is exactly that you're doing. What IS this that you're writing? You mean, reading. No, you mean playing. Maybe all three, you're feeling a little meta. This isn't helping anybody. In fact, it's more of negative thing than it is a positive - sapping your energy as you write/read/play on. Who are you doing this for? Yourself? And for what cause?

You decide that, with MARIO CARDS, there are no winners. Only those who play the game.

You also realise you can just keep asking for new cards until you bust each turn, that way the game won't end until you've seen all the cards. Huh. Guess you didn't think of that at the start. You suppose all card games become inherently useless once you make all the cards the same so it's not your fault for missing something obvious in a game that's flawed from the start anyway. You've also been awake for what just became 25 hours so you're not going to stress about it too much.

Five cards in and MARIO's face lets you know you're bust.

"Oh no, how terrible, what bad luck" you say. Your acting is amazing. You're amazing. You've got MARIO and his game sorted and you are going to see that MYSTERY CARD.

Then again, you don't like the look in MARIO's eyes right now... He could be catching onto your flawless plan. If you continue this way, there's no telling what he could do.
> Switch it up, call after two cards this round
> Continue to call cards until bust. He'll NEVER KNOW.
> Page35
"...Flip".

MARIO flips a new card, it's a Mario.

"Flip?"

Another Mario. MARIO himself eyes you, silently warning. You make a show of pretending to count in your head, mouthing numbers and calculations.

"I'll stick I think"

MARIO smiles once more, seeming to appreciate your decision. He deals his own cards out, one after the other. A Mario. Another. One more. Apparently he got 21 or some shit because suddenly he's clapping his hands and whooping.

"WAH-HOO! WAH-HOO! I'MA NUMBER ONE!!"

"Wait, no, does that mean the game is over? Did you get 21? They don't even have numBERS THEY'RE ALL MARIO - "

MARIO cuts you off by selecting a single card from the pack and holding it up, face hidden from you. Oh yes, he knows you want to see the card. He knows that's your aim now, he planted that idea seed, like a pixelated Leonardo Dicaprio. To add insult to injury, he spreads out the remaining cards, all face side up, all Marios. He raises an eyebrow, lowers it, raises it again. A mechanical action of no meaning to him, done only to annoy you.
> Concede
> Shout and rock back and forth in your chair
> Page37
You graciously admit defeat. By which you don't seriously lose your shit and start yelling about how much you hate MARIO or whatever, instead you choose to sit there and pout from across the room. A victory of any sort for MARIO is a terrible thing.

He may have won this game, but you have a feeling that the FINAL ROUND is next, and you have a plan.
> Begin FINAL ROUND
> Page49
You've done it. You've made it this far. You can't believe you're still doing this and you feel like you should get some kind of medal for your efforts at the very least. It's been hours but you're almost done with this terrible game. Thank GOD.

The FINAL ROUND is always the same. It's the only round where MARIO unties you. If you lose, MARIO CARDS starts all over again, no exceptions. It's happened before. Hell, it happened over and over once. You thought you were going to die playing card games with MARIO.

The final game is MARIO CARDS 52 CARD PICK UP, and you are going to get that MYSTERY CARD.

> Let's do this!
> Page50
MARIO pushes everything in the room to one side, save for you and your chair, which are dragged to the center. He stands in front of you, shuffling the deck.

"Come on man, let's do this, I'm READY, let's finish it!!!"

"MUM A MIA..." MARIO chuckles to himself, lazily shuffling. There have been times where you've ignored picking up the cards and have gone straight at him, whirling arms and kicking feet. They always end with you being subdued, retied, and forced to start over. Sometimes it almost feels worth it. This time though you intend to do no such thing. You're going straight for the cards.

"Mario! I'm ready!!"

MARIO stops shuffling. He takes out that one card, that one MYSTERY CARD, gazes at it for a moment and places it back in the pack. It seems MARIO is ready too.

Suddenly he is at your wrist, loosening the knot there, and you waste no time in wriggling out of it and untying the rest. By the time you have an arm free, MARIO has already stepped back and out of your reach, cards still in hand.

Without so much as a typed up soundclip form a game I haven't played in years, MARIO tosses the deck into the air. MARIO CARDS 52 CARD PICK UP has begun.

> GRAB EM. GRAB EM ALL
> Page51
MARIO CARDS are fluttering down all around you, Mario faces flitting on and off in your field of vision as cards twirl down, sides alternating. To some it might have reminded them of childhood - of dancing among thrown Autumn leaves or the first Winter's snow. It reminds you of no such pleasantries. This has happened before and it'll hapen uncounted times again - all this reminds you of is how much of a fucking dick MARIO is. Like seriously, he's the worst.

At least this time you have an aim. Find the MYSTERY CARD. You snatch up every card you can, hands like claws, grabby claws, graws for short. A Mario. Another Mario. Yet another. You already have near a dozen before they're the others are hitting the ground, such is your determination. Never before, not since your first few games of MARIO CARDS when you feared for your life and sanity, have you felt such drive to complete this FINAL ROUND. If only you could find that MYSTERY CARD! You feel like just getting the quickest of looks at it would make this all worth it. A MARIO CARD that goes against the number one rule of MARIO CARDS? To you that is the ultimate symbol of rebellion; of freedom and of individuality. You must see it.

Fistfulls of MARIO CARDS and still nothing new. This must mean you're getting close! It must be one of the last few cards on the floor. You drop to your hands and knees, scavenging for cards. You are no longer a human. You are a PREDATOR and MARIO CARDS are your PREY.

You're pretty sure you have the entire deck - you can't see any other ones, but that can't be right because you haven't come across the MYSTERY CARD yet. Maybe it's on the other side of the room...

> Quick, check the other side!
> Page52
You begin to crawl to the other side of the room, when -

"WAAAAAAAAAAAAH!"

MARIO's swan song like death cry signals the end of the round. Shit!! That was faster than usual. You're pretty sure he never actually counts, rather he just says the round is over whenever he feels like.

Your eyes scan the entire room and fail to see a single card. You flip through the cards in your hand but see nothing but smiling Mario faces looking back at you. You don't understand...

MARIO is standing above you now, looking down at you. You can see up his nose. It's gross. You make no attempt to attack him, rather you go slack as you crouch on the floor, clutching at the MARIO CARDS you have collected.

"I don't... Mario, where's the card...?"

MARIO doesn't reply, and for the first time you think to count the cards in your hand. You can do this pretty fast by now. 10... 20... 28... 36... 44... 51. 51 cards. But there are no other cards in the room, how could this be?

MARIO reaches into his overalls and pulls out the 52nd MARIO CARD. Distantly you feel like you should be angry, but you're not - you're just happy that the card exists.

"Show it to me... Please. I think I've earned that much".

> ...
> Page53
MARIO crouches down on one knee before you, MYSTERY CARD held out in front of him. It's facing away from you.

"WAH HOO HUP HUP YAH!" he explains.

"HUP, HUP, YAH HOO!!!" he continues.

"You're saying... that this card was just a way to make me want to play MARIO CARDS again? Like the old times, before you had to force me? Before you had to routinely kidnap me and tie me up?"

"WAH! WAH! HURMMNPH!"

"Or... are you just being a dick, Mario?"

"HOO, HOO, WAH HOO!!"

"... Because it sounds like you're just being a dick."

MARIO pauses for a second.

"HEEERRREE WE GO!", he adds.

"Wait what do you mean remember the first rule of MARIO CARDS -"

MARIO turns the MYSTERY CARD toward you.
> Look at MYSTERY CARD
> Page54
Part of you saw this coming but didn't want to accept it. You wanted to think it would be something special, something worthwhile and meaningful. But it turns out that MARIO is just a douchebag and likes messing with you?

The MYSTERY CARD is a Mario, because all MARIO CARDS are Marios.

"Mario. You're the worst being alive."

"IT'S A ME, MARIO!"

"Yeah." You look down at the MYSTERY CARD, which you guess is just a regular MARIO CARD.

"... Yeah. It's you."

GAME OVER

NOBODY WINS AT MARIO CARDS

THANK YOU SO MUCHA FOR A PLAYING MY A GAME!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
> Restart
[state=Running]
