You wake up in an Office.
You are in an office.
You can see a chair and a desk.
You can go east.
The Office is a very sparse location. In front of you is an empty chair where the business warehouse manager would have once over seen the operations of 30 employees hard at work.
You can't remember who you are or how you got there.
You just know you need to get out...
...FAST!

Press any key to begin
> open desk
> open desk
You open it.
In the desk is an ipad and a notepad.
> take notepad
> take notepad
A good idea but maybe you want to open it too?
> open notepad
> open notepad
There appears to be some message written. It seems quite hard to make out. Probably needs a closer look
Inside is a Post-It with a message.
> take message
> take message
You pick it up.
> read message
> read message
You take the message and bring it closer to your eyes.
You can make out a series of words. They all appear to be variations on the same word:
Perins, per1ns, Per1ns, Per!n5
Hope this helps, John
What on earth are they for?
> e
> e
You are in a warehouse.
You can see a box A and a box B.
You can go west or north.
Cold, damp, cavernous and eerily quiet. You can make out two similar sized containers in the corner of the room.
> look at box B
> look at box B
A large metallic box with a very sophisticated keypad lock on the front. The side of the box has writing on it that appears to say "DIE INKEYS"
Might this help..?
It appears you can only open it by entering some sort of password as flashing below are the words...

Please enter code below:
> Per!n5
The display message flickers to life and now displays the message "Correct Code Entry".
You hear a sharp clicking noise as the box is automatically unlocked
Should you open the box?
> open box B
> open box B
Unlocked, the password was right after all.
You open it.
It contains a a swipe card.
> take swipe card
> take swipe card
Do not lose this
> n
> n
You are in a lift.
You can see a control panel.
You can go south.
The doors are open and welcoming. A locked control panel is just inside on the right. A green light is flashing intermittently.
> use swipe card on control panel
> use swipe card on control panel
Of course... the swipe card.
You fumble in your pockets for the card and with sweaty hands carefully run the magnetic stripe across the control panel.....
Nothing seems to happen at first but...
...All of a sudden there is a high pitched beeping noise.
The key pad jumps to life and a single message appears on the screen....."Press 0 to start"
Underneath the now unlocked control panel, the three buttons light up.
The question is, which one do you choose?
Time to open the panel
> open control panel
> open control panel
You open it.
It contains a button W, a button G and a button S.
> press button S
> press button S
You press the button and the mechanism slowly grinds to life.
Slowly the lift ascends
The climb is painfully slow but eventually the lift halts
A voice can just be heard through a tinny speaker announcing "Safe Zone"
The doors slowly open.....
..and thank heavens, you have made the correct choice
In front of you are literaly hundreds and hundreds of people, all religions, ages, gender, profession and social class.
They turn round, one by one to look at you ...and begin applauding a new survivor
You are not the Last Survivor...
There is still hope for civilisation
[state=Finished]
