
Rainbow room

You wake up, your head's pounding.
You look around, you don't see anything familiar about the room you're in.

You can't seem to remember how you got here, or why.
How long have you been out cold?
There's no clock to be seen, so you have no clue to what date it is,
or what time it is.

You remember being at the mall's food court, when someone asked if they could sit down at your table. You think it was a girl, but you're not sure...
Everything's a blur from that point on...

Time to get out of here!



You are in the Bedroom
There is a bed, a desk and a wardrobe here.
You can go south or down.

This is a girl's bedroom.
The bed is covered with a pink blanket, and has a pink pillow on it.
The wallpaper is pink, the carpet is also pink.
It smells of cheap perfume in here.

There's a bathroom door to the SOUTH.
There's a staircase leading DOWN to the sitting area.

> look at bed
It's a bed...
With a pink blanket, and a pink pillow.

> examine pillow
When you pick up the pillow, you discover a diary underneath!

> x diary
It has a drawing on the front.
It depicts a love heart, pierced by an arrow.
On one end of the arrow it says: ''Cindy''.
On the other it says: ''Rob''.

> take diary
You take the diary.

> open wardrobe
You open it.

> take tutu
(first removing it from wardrobe)
Done.
You pick it up.

> wear tutu
You squeeze into the tiny tutu.
Nice...

> dance
You prance around like a fairy.
You hope to god that there are no hidden camera's around...

> look at desk
It's a sturdy desk. There's a pen on it.

> take pen
You pick it up.

> s
You are in the bathroom
There is a toilet, a shower and a medicine cabinet here.
You can go north.

This bathroom is in dire need of a cleaning!
It smells like your average dodgy truck stop bathroom.
The tiles used to be white, but now they're all moldy.
You can't seem to find any tile that isn't cracked.

The bedroom is to the NORTH.

> x toilet
You'd rather not...

> open medicine cabinet
You open it.

> n
You are in the Bedroom
There is a bed, a desk, a wardrobe, a blanket and a pillow here.
You can go south or down.

This is a girl's bedroom.
The bed is covered with a pink blanket, and has a pink pillow on it.
The wallpaper is pink, the carpet is also pink.
It smells of cheap perfume in here.

There's a bathroom door to the SOUTH.
There's a staircase leading DOWN to the sitting area.

> d
You are in the SW corner
There is a couch, a coffee table, a television, a telephone, a window and a lingerie catalog here.
You can go east, northeast or up.

You're in what looks to be the sitting area.
There's a couch here. It looks comfy, but rather tatty.
A table with nothing but a ''Dirty little secret'' lingerie catalog,
and an old TV set.
The carpet is worn, and it has holes in it.
It smells like ammonia...

There's a door to the NORTH EAST.
There's a kitchen to the EAST.
There's a staircase that leads UP to the bedroom.


The downstairs floor looks like it consists of a single room,
with all the facilities and furniture set up in their own separate corners.

> examine couch
A closer inspection of the couch reveals a small key 
that got stuck between the cushions.

> take small key
You pick it up.

> x small key
It looks like a key that would fit a small lock.

> take lingerie catalog
You pick up the catalog.

> read lingerie catalog
There's not much to read in the catalog.
Just the ordering info.

''To order from our new line, call 0800 Bra's Here,
To file a complaint, please dial 0800 Bra Bash'd.
Thank you very much for your business!''


> dial 0800brashere
-''Dirty little secret lingerie hotline!
How may I help you today?''

You're so nervous, you hang up the phone immediately...

> read diary
You use the key to open the diary, and you start to read.
Which page will you read?
1) First page
2) Second page
3) Third page
4) Fourth page
5) Fifth page
6) Sixth page
7) Seventh page
8) Eigth page
9) Ninth page
10) Tenth page
11) Eleventh page
[choice] 11
The eleventh page is the last page with writing on it.
It reads:

-Dear diary,

My state-of-the-art security system keeps shorting out!
I'm having to spend a fortune on fuses!
I tried to buy cheaper ones, but the box came apart when I got home!
All the fuses rolled everywhere!
I found almost all of them, all but one.
I think it rolled under the couch or something...

Oh well, I'll get it later...
For now, I have to figure out a way to get to Rob.
He got a restraining order against me!
What did I ever do to him?
He's the one that cheated with that cheerleader behind my back!

But I forgive my Rob.
I know he loves me, and we're destined to be together!
I'll bring him home, and keep him here forever!

I just need to practice first...
I think I'll try to pick someone up at the mall...


Whoa! So that's why you're here!
You should try to find that fuse that got lost,
and get the heck out of here!
Want to read more?
1) yes
2) no
[choice] 2
You decide to stop reading the diary.

> look under couch
Looking under the couch, you see a fuse lying under it.
Now to reach it...

> e
You are in the SE corner
There is a stove, some cupboards, a sink, a drawer and a kitchen table here.
You can go north or west.

This part of the room is the kitchen part.
You can't believe someone cooks here!
It's all dirty and messy, the countertop is littered with rodent feces,
and the stove looks like it hasn't been used in ages!
The piece of linoleum surrounding the kitchen is stained,
and warped around the edges.
It smells of rotting food and rat pee.

There's a door to the NORTH.
There's a sitting area to the WEST.

> open drawer
You open it.

> take spatula
(first removing it from drawer)
Done.
You pick it up.

> open cupboards
You open it.

> take frying pan
(first removing it from cupboards)
Done.
You pick it up.

> w
You are in the SW corner
There is a couch, a coffee table, a television, a telephone, a window and a fuse here.
You can go east, northeast or up.

You're in what looks to be the sitting area.
There's a couch here. It looks comfy, but rather tatty.
A table with nothing but a ''Dirty little secret'' lingerie catalog,
and an old TV set.
The carpet is worn, and it has holes in it.
It smells like ammonia...

There's a door to the NORTH EAST.
There's a kitchen to the EAST.
There's a staircase that leads UP to the bedroom.



> use spatula
You use the spatula to reach the fuse.
PRESTO! You now have a fuse!

> dial 911
You call the police, and tell them your story.
They ask you if you know where you are, which of course, you don't.

You swear to the person on the phone, that you will find the nearest police station,
and that you will bring something to prove your story.

The police in turn go and pick up Rob, to put him in protective custody, just in case...

> ne
You are in the NE corner
There is a weird looking door here.
You can go south, east, west or southwest.

The northeast corner of the appartment has a weird looking door,
it has a colorful row of switches on it.
There are stains in the carpet, and there's a faint smell of urine.

There's a closet under the stairs to the WEST.
There's a kitchen to the SOUTH.
There's a sitting area to the SOUTH WEST.

> w
You are in the closet under the stairs
There is a fuse box, a Tool box, a coat rack, a rain coat and a winter coat here.
You can go east.

The closet looks like some sort of utility closet.
It smells damp and moldy. It must be from the raincoat hanging here.
The appartment's fuse box is located in this closet,
and someone uses it to store their tools.

Out the closet is to the WEST.

> examine fuse box
It looks like one of the fuses is burnt out.

> use fuse
You put the fuse in the fuse box.

> examine fuse box
All four fuses look in perfect working order.

> examine coat rack
It's a metal coat rack, and it's used to hang coats from.
Look! There they are!

> open tool box
You open it.

> e
You are in the NE corner
There is a weird looking door here.
You can go south, east, west or southwest.

The northeast corner of the appartment has a weird looking door,
it has a colorful row of switches on it.
There are stains in the carpet, and there's a faint smell of urine.

There's a closet under the stairs to the WEST.
There's a kitchen to the SOUTH.
There's a sitting area to the SOUTH WEST.

> look at door
The door has seven switches on it, in all the colors of the rainbow.

> look at red switch
A red flipswitch.
It's unlit.
It must be ''off''.

> flip red switch
You flip the switch to the ''on'' position.
The door makes a few clicking sounds.

> look at red switch
A red flipswitch.
It has a little red light burning in it.
The switch must be ''on''.

> flip orange switch
You flip the switch to the ''on'' position.
The door makes a few clicking sounds.

> flip blue switch
You flip the switch to the ''on'' position.
The door makes a few clicking sounds.

> e
You get the heck out of the building, and you try to remember the adress before you run off to find the nearest police station.

When you get there, it turns out they were notified of your call, and a search has been set up already.

The diary you took provides plenty of evidence against Cindy, and plenty to put Rob in witness protection.

Everyone thanks you for your bravery and quick thinking,
you've gotten a sociopath commited, and saved a promising athlete's life!

[runner] turns=46 leftover=0 running=false WON=YES
