
A day at the redsauce office

Hello! Tom here.

Welcome to 'A day at the redsauce office'.


This is a standard text adventure, so remember to LOOK at things, SPEAK to everyone and GIVE things to them when necessary.


Oh, and to check what you're carrying, type 'i' into the box.


The goal is to defeat the crocodile so that you can get some work done.


It's pretty easy, but try and finish it anyway.


Press any key to load this merry game.





Press any key to begin the game!




You are standing outside the office.

Above you is a large sign that reads redsauce.com
In the windows are plastic tomatoes.
Behind you is a lovely garden full of emo looking kids.

You can go NORTH or SOUTH

> north
Try opening the door first.

> open door
You open the door, and step into the office...

You are standing in the office.

Ahead of you are a TEAM of hardworking individuals.
On your right is a comfy-looking SOFA, a FRIDGE and some cube SHELVES.
On your left is a FOOTBALL TABLE and a PILLAR.


> look at team
You see a friendly team of people working hard at their desks, some with tea, some with cans and one with a red stapler in his hand.

Maybe you should SPEAK to them?

> speak to team
You introduce yourself to the team, which consists of:

JAMES
SIMON
CHRIS
TIM
AMY
SELENA
MILTON
TOM
ROGER

They all say hi and are welcoming to you.

AMY gets up and shows you to your desk.


You sit at your desk.






You try to do some work, but there is a large CROCODILE in the way.
What could possibly defeat a CROCODILE?


Looks like you'll need the help of your team!


Go SOUTH to leave your desk.


> south

You are standing in the office.

Ahead of you are a TEAM of hardworking individuals.
On your right is a comfy-looking SOFA, a FRIDGE and some cube SHELVES.
On your left is a FOOTBALL TABLE and a PILLAR.


> speak to tom
You say hi to Tom, who is barely visible behind his pile of assorted stuff.

He replies "Hello! Bi the way I could really do with a can of pepsi."

> look at fridge
This fridge is full of ice cold drinks.

Mostly pepsi and energy drinks from the pound shop. 

Maybe Tom would like one?

> take can
You take the can of pepsi.

> give can to tom
You give the can to Tom, as James looks on judgingly.

"Thankyouuu!" says Tom, popping open the can and swigging it instantly.

"Here, you can have this banana, because frankly I'm sick of them"


You now have a BANANA.

> speak to amy
She regails you with tales of Nantwich, before realising, with horror that Tim has switched her fruit with Weetabix.

If only she had some fruit...

> give banana to amy
You give your banana to AMY.

"Aww thankyou! Here, you can have the skin back"


You now have a BANANA SKIN.

Rough deal.

> speak to chris
He sings "High on a hill was a lonely goatherd"

He would appreciate any fruit peelings though. 
Well, his goats would.

> give banana skin to chris
You give the banana skin to Chris.

You hear a barely audible "Cheers, mate".

For no real reason, he gives you a banjo.


You now have a BANJO.

> speak to tim
With a limited vocabulary of only 25 letters of the alphabet, he struggles to communicate with you.

It would be much easier if he could just talk to you through his BANJO.

> give banjo to tim
You give the banjo to Tim.

"Thanks mate, I was wondering where that had got to. That was a valuable investment, you see"

Reaching into his drawer, he hands you a magazine dedicated solely to Twitter as thanks.


You now have a MAGAZINE ON TWITTER.

> speak to simon
He mumbles something about twitter back to you.

> give magazine to simon
You give the magazine to Simon.

He mumbles "Cheers mate, I'll remember to read it."

You doubt that.

He adds, "I made this cup of coffee. I don't know why... I don't even drink it. You can have it".


You now have a CUP OF COFFEE.

> speak to roger
He speaks with a northern accent, but oddly enough, it's pleasant and you can understand him. 

He would appreciate a cup of coffee though.

> give cup of coffee to roger
Because it's what all techies say, he says "Cheers mate".

As thanks, he gives you a knock-off ANIME DVD.

God bless hooky street.

> speak to selena
You say "hi"

Unfortunately, she does not reply as she is stropping at the loss of her anime dvd.

> give anime dvd to selena
You hand the anime DVD to Selena and see her little face light up.

She says, "Och aye, domo origato, ya big jessie"

She gives you a blue pack of m&ms.


You now have a pack of M&Ms.

> speak to milton
He says nothing.

Maybe you should give him one of his favourite snacks?

> give m&ms to milton
You give Milton the pack of m&m's.

With a cold steely stare, he says nothing.

But shortly after, he gives you a stylish pose and a cheeky look.


You are now equipped with a CHEEKY POSE.

> speak to james
He jests with you.

If only you had some sort of cheeky look to use on him.

> use cheeky pose on james

OHHH MILTOOOON! Wa-wa-waaa.

You promptly follow up with the CHEEKY LOOK.


James bloomin loves it and laughs away.


Oddly, he hands you a RUBBER BAND. 

You're sure there's some use for this.


> i
You are carrying:
RUBBER BAND.

> challenge chris
You valiantly step up to the table, but quickly realise that you have no absolutely no chance. 


You are standing in the office.

Ahead of you are a TEAM of hardworking individuals.
On your right is a comfy-looking SOFA, a FRIDGE and some cube SHELVES.
On your left is a FOOTBALL TABLE and a PILLAR.


> challenge tim
As you stand before the majesty of TIM you realise there is no way you're going to win. Give up now. Hang your head in shame for even trying.


You are standing in the office.

Ahead of you are a TEAM of hardworking individuals.
On your right is a comfy-looking SOFA, a FRIDGE and some cube SHELVES.
On your left is a FOOTBALL TABLE and a PILLAR.


> north

You sit at your desk.






You try to do some work, but there is a large CROCODILE in the way.
What could possibly defeat a CROCODILE?


Looks like you'll need the help of your team!


Go SOUTH to leave your desk.


> look at crocodile
Never smile at a crocodile...

Particularly one that works at Localtraders.

> use rubber band on crocodile

You remember seeing somewhere that even though crocodile's jaws are strong at closing, they are weak at opening up.

You decide to give it a go and wrap the rubber band around the crocodile's mouth...


It works!


Hooray! Now you can finally start writing content!


You beat the game, so well done.


Now, whose turn is it to make the teas?

[runner] turns=31 leftover=0 running=false WON=YES
