
Space: The Final Fuck Up., v1.0 | Stretch: stretch@gentec.force9.co.uk

SPACE: THE FINAL FUCK UP

You are Conner Mclain. Conner to your friends.

You awake out of your stasis pod and rub your eyes in preperation to greet the others. But your the only one up.
Every one else is still sleeping. You look around. Everyone is dead. They're all dead. Everybody except you.......What the fuck is going on here people.

Your mission............fuck knows.






You are in Stasis Room.
There is nobody here.
There is a Pod and a Cupboard here.
You can go out to Hallway.
There are various pods around the room. They house the sleeping beuties.....I mean the crew. Each pod has a computer screen next to it. There are loads of wire, pipes and various other technical things around the place.

> open cupboard
You open the cupboard.
There is a jar inside.

> take jar
You take the jar.

> use jar on liquid
You scoop up some of the liquid into the jar and seal it tightly.

> out
You are in Hallway.
You can see a Cat here.
There is a Control Panel here.
You can go to Stasis Room, Sciece Lab, Medilab, or the Bridge.
A metalic hallway. There are panels all over the place.

> go to sciece lab
You are in the Sciece Lab.
There is nobody here.
There is a Microscope here.
You can go out to Hallway.
You can go to Escape Pod.
A lab for sciency things. You're not sure how everything works though.

> use liquid on microscope
It's a virus.....and an acid......it's an acidic virus.

> out
You are in Hallway.
You can see a Cat here.
There is a Control Panel here.
You can go to Stasis Room, Sciece Lab, Medilab, or the Bridge.
A metalic hallway. There are panels all over the place.

> go to the bridge
You are in the Bridge.
You can see an Alien here.
There is the door here.
There's loadsa triddle knobs and things here, but more importantly is the alien in the corner of the room.

> use liquid on alien
You throw the contents of the jar onto the creature. It desovles too. Cool. You take control of the shit and fly off to the nearest pub for a pint or two.







[runner] turns=9 leftover=0 running=false WON=YES
