
ThunderClan Mystery 1, Unseen Enemy. (RP with your cat!!) **SPOILERS, SETTING OF FADING ECHOS., v1 | Hazelstiltskin

GAME~
ThunderClan Mystery number 1!
Unseen Enemy!
This will become a series, and slowly your kit will be moved up.
(C) Hazelstiltskin!
NOTES**
where it says ____kit, that is your kit's name.
where it says, 'type', it means use your webcam to speak it or if it doesnt work then unplug your microphone or webcam and let microsoft sam do the work!
Thank you for playing!
Hazel
ThunderClan has a mystery on it's hands. Cats have been attacked, in a flash of teeth and claws, and left with terible scars and wounds, but no cat can figure out who or why, and the victims sure don't remember.
So Firestar has called your father to his den and you, (your warriors name and kit!), have sneaked outside his den to listen to Firestar ask for  help. You are a smart kit. You feel you can help.
"Cats......." Firestar sighed, you could practically feel the stress coming off him.
Your father's claws tapped the floor as he got up to adress his leader.
"Yes, I know, they have been assaulted and left with scars, and no idea or scent of who the attacker was." Your's father's voice was edged with a snarl. You heard Firestar's tail swish the ground.
"Yes....You, my most trusted warrior, have been chosen to investigate. You have such great senses, I can't imagine you being attacked while on the case."
Your father's paws scraped the floor as he cricled Firestar, his excitement clear in his voice.
"I will find this! Our warriors can no longer be threatened by this unseen enemy!" 

You are listening to what is going on in Firestar's Den.
You can go south.
You are outside of Firestar's den, listening.
You hear your father and Firestar still discussing the matter. Their voices rise and fall to match their emotion. 
You ignore it for now.


Try going to the clearing!

> s
You are in the ThunderClan camp's clearing.
There is Jayfeather and The group of warriors waiting to be assigned to a patrol. here.
You can go north.
You can see the cats here and there. You hear voices coming from around the hollow as you stand.


> speak to jayfeather
You padd up to Jayfeather, your blind medicine cat. As you approach him quietly, wanting to spook him, he swivels straight to you, his blue eyes resting on you gently. His ears are pricked.
"_____kit. How delightful....I already have kits trodiing on my tail and it's not even sunhigh." He grumbles, but you sense he's listening.
Type,
Talk Jayfeather

> talk jayfeather
You pause and think of something to say.
"Ummmm......Hello!"
Jayfeather grunts, pushing a catmint leaf over and sniffing.
Type,
Ask for Catmint. Jayfeather

> get herb jayfeather
***TYPER GET HERB***

> ask for catmint. jayfeather
You contenue watching him sort herbs. You recongnise the catmint.
You tilt your head.
What if I had a leaf of that?
You suddenly feel a longing pull to it.
I want it I want it I want it......

Jayfeather looks at you, and slowly tilts his ears an fickers his blue eyes.
You feel yourself lean away from his gaze.
After a heartbeat of his intense gaze, he popped back.
He opened his mouth to speak, then shut it, eyes narrowing.


Jayfeather popped back to reality.
"Oh...Umm...." YOu swallow and he nearly spaces off again, then flips you a small leaf.
"Yeah whatever."

You purr a moment in thanks, than pick of the fluffy leaf. It's juices are delicious.
Now what will you do?

Type,
Next.. Jayfeather

> next.. jayfeather
You look at Jayfeather. He sifts among leaves.
What had he done just then?
Read my mind?
You snort.
Yeah, whatever!
You look about the clearing. You see The Leader's Den, The Fallen Tree, The Warrios Den, The Nursery, The Elder's den, The Apprentice's Den, and the Medicine Cat's Den.

Type, 
Exits List Jayfeather

> exits list jayfeather
Now, choose on the side where to go!

> go to the nursery
The Nursery
You can go to the ThunderClan Clearing.
The Nursery smells of milk and warmth. You see your own mother, chatting with Daisy and FernCloud.    You wave your tail at your mother, who waves back.
Nothing to see here.

> go to thunderclan clearing
You are in the ThunderClan camp's clearing.
There is Jayfeather and The group of warriors waiting to be assigned to a patrol. here.
You can go north, to Firestar's Den, to The Nursery, to the Warriors and Apprentices Den, to Elders Den, to Medicine Cat's Den or to Fallen Tree.
You can see the cats here and there. You hear voices coming from around the hollow as you stand.


> go to warriors and apprentices den
You are in the Warriors and Apprentices Den.
There is Toy Mouse here.
You can go to the ThunderClan Clearing.
You sqeeze past the Fallen Tree and look at the poorly formed den with nest lined inside. The apprentices and warrior's den were both crushed, you recalled, and they had to sleep in the same den.
Leafpool and Squirrelflight were together weaveing the outer boundaries. They were getting pretty high. But not enough to if it rained, they wouldn't get wet. The lifeless branches of the beech tree were protective around it, but bared no leaves for shelter.
You give a shy greeting to the sisters. You had heard awful stories about them. Betraying their Clan and everything they had......

Squirrelflight suddenly jerked, her eyes flashing. She wove around to you.
"Heya, _____kit!" She purred.
"I have the coolest thing; I found it washed up in the lake!  Do you want it?"
She turns then dabs to you a furry thing. It s bright red, and had two tiny dots like eyes. It has the faintest scent of twolegs on it. It had a long tail. You dab at it and it makes a jingling noise.
Take?
Type,
Take it from Squirrelflight.
Squirrelflight suddenly jerked, her eyes flashing. She wove around to you.
"Heya, _____kit!" She purred.
"I have the coolest thing; I found it washed up in the lake!  Do you want it?"
She turns then dabs to you a furry thing. It s bright red, and had two tiny dots like eyes. It has the faintest scent of twolegs on it. It had a long tail. You dab at it and it makes a jingling noise.
Take?
Type,
Take it from Squirrelflight.

You decide to store it for later.
Go to clearing?

> take toy mouse
You already have that.

> go to thunderclan clearing
You are in the ThunderClan camp's clearing.
There is Jayfeather and The group of warriors waiting to be assigned to a patrol. here.
You can go north, to Firestar's Den, to The Nursery, to the Warriors and Apprentices Den, to Elders Den, to Medicine Cat's Den or to Fallen Tree.
You can see the cats here and there. You hear voices coming from around the hollow as you stand.


> go to elders den
You are in Elders Den.
There is Mousefur and Purdy here.
You enter the room, and recoil back out of the den, pushed away by the strength of sadness. You peer in, and see Mousefur in a sad clump, her eyes glazed and sad. Purdy was curled next to her, explaining a story on how he fought off a troublesome dog.
Say *hello or leave?
* type,
Ask why Mousefur is sad.
Mousefur lookes up sadly at you.
Her eyes shadow in greif, and she quivers in sadness. Purdy leaps to his paws.
"Umm..Uh, ermm. Com' ere' youngin'!" Purdy waves his tail to you,  then turns to Mousefur.
"I'll be back, and I'll tell ya' how I got outta' that there  dog's grip."
He lumbered out, and faced you.

You are in the ThunderClan camp's clearing.
There is Jayfeather and The group of warriors waiting to be assigned to a patrol. here.
You can go north, to Firestar's Den, to The Nursery, to the Warriors and Apprentices Den, to Elders Den, to Medicine Cat's Den or to Fallen Tree.
You can see the cats here and there. You hear voices coming from around the hollow as you stand.

Purdy blinked.
"Well, I knew something was wrong, Bramblekit!"
You sigh, and decide to let it slide.
He was an old cat.
You should let his last years go in peace.
Purdy let out a rusty purr, and mewed,
"So, Brambleflight, what was it you wanted to talk about again?"
You sigh.
Brambleflight?
Type,
Why is Mousefur so sad?
Purdy sighed, blowing his whiskers.
"Have you ever heard of Longtail?"
*Type,
No
Purdy half-cloed his eyes and mouthed words a moment.
"Ok, youngin', let ol' Purdy here gon' tell you who ol' Longtail was.
"Longtail was a young ol' cat, who was blind, see. He had great senses, though. Ya'll should've seen him, he was even better at things than grumpy ol' Jayfeather."
You glance back to see if he heard, but he was at the other side of the hollow, scraping a herb leaf away from it's stem.
"He was alive an' well. The ig day the camp was rounded on outta' this here Hollow, we was all out. But ol' Mousefur didn't want to waste her prey, no. She went back, and Longtail don' all went back to get it for her. Youngin' Briarpaw and him were both darn crushed under the Fallen' Tree."

You recall Briarlight's snapped spine.
And apparently Longtail's death.
Pudry got up and stretched, pausing with his chesy on he ground and forelegs spread in front of him..
"Mousefur blames er'self. So I always try an' make er' happy. That's that." He got up, nd turned into the den. You sat outside,  listening to Purdy contenue his ramble on the dog fight.

> go to medicine cat's den
You are in Medicine Cat's Den.
There is Briarlight and Toadstep and Fish Scale here.
You enter the Medicine Cat's Den. You peer around, your eyes adjusting to the gloom. The strong scents of herbs roll out to meet you.
A purr sounds from the shadows. 
You make out Briarlight.
"Hiya, ____kit!" She purred, quickly licking moss off herself.
From the shadows you hear a hoarse cough.
Briarlight nodded to the shadows, and you slowly made out a set of eyes that gleamed in the dim light.
"Toadstep was bitten by a water adder. He'll recover soon from the poisen."
Toadstep nodded.
"Yes!" He rasped.

> speak to briarlight and toadstep
"Hi Briarlight! How are you?" You squeak.
Briarlight purrs.
"I'm super-dooper! I'm getting stronger!" She raised a paw, and flexed it before setting it under her again.
"I'll soon be able to fight a whole ShadowClan patrol!"
Your eyes widened.
"Wow!" You gasp.
Toadstep rolled his eyes, tail flicking in amusement.
He stretched, and you see a bound of cobweb on his pelt. 
"So....What're you doing?"
Type,
I'm going to save ThunderClan!
Briarlight purrs, her chest heaving shes laughing so hard.
Toadstep mrrws, and kneads the ground.
"I remember those days!" He purred, settling in his nest.
Briarlight rolled her eyes, stilling purring a liitle.
"Okay. Want a traveling item?"
Briarlight hauled herself up, and led you behind the nursery, going into Jayfeather's den. 
You were nervous to be here.
"Will Jayfeather be mad?" You whisper.
"Yes." The grumpy medicine cat's voice growled behind you.
"But I--" He picks you up by your scruff, roughly hauling you out into the clearing. 
He pricks with surprise as Briarlight brushes out of his den.
"Hey!" She argues, her voice muffled by the thing she gripped in her mouth. Jayfeather narrowed his eyes, and sniffed what she was holding.
It was a beautiful fish scale, that reflected beautifuly in the light of the den.
Jayfeather blinked.
"A fish scale? Where did you get that?" He warily mewed, turning and stuffing his face into the medicine cleft.
Briarlight's gaze shadowed.
"When I was an apprentice. Me, Blossomfal, and Bumbleflight went to the creek, and I saw it lying there on day....." She straightened, her fur brushing l ike a line of dominoes down her neck and back until she came to the break in her spine.
"But, you can have it, ___kit. I trust you." She mewed, setting down the scale. 

> take fish scale
You take Briarlight's shiny scale.

> go to thunderclan clearing
You are in the ThunderClan camp's clearing.
There is Jayfeather and The group of warriors waiting to be assigned to a patrol. here.
You can go north, to Firestar's Den, to The Nursery, to the Warriors and Apprentices Den, to Elders Den, to Medicine Cat's Den or to Fallen Tree.
You can see the cats here and there. You hear voices coming from around the hollow as you stand.


> go to fallen tree
You are in Fallen Tree.
There is Twoleg Necklace here.
You clamber up onto the strong smelling beech tree. It is brown with many clawmarks. The tree branches wind around the Warrior's den, and the roots protect the nursery. You know that under here lie the blood and death of Longtail and wounds of Briarlight.

You see something at the edge of your vision. 
You turn and see something white and shiny. You peer closer. It is a hole where a bird's nest would have been. It is filled with twigs, but there is defanatly something in there.
Make it to the shiny object.

**If you dont have a microphone or webcam that records sound, please let microsoft sam do this activitie for you!**
Awnser these questions and get to the Shiny Object!


Which cat gave Firestar his prophecy?
Skywatcher
Cherrytail
The King Rat

Who had Hawkfrost exploited in her dreams to conquer for the evil uses of the Dark Forest?
Dovepaw
Ivypaw
Briarlight
Cinderheart
Who killed Ashfur?
Firestar
Brambleclaw
Hollyleaf
Hawkfrost
When a  cat dies, what is the SECOND thing done?
The cat is cleaned and positioned correctly
The cat is rubbed with herbs
The cat is buried
The cat is mourned overnight

THANK YOU FOR PLAYING!
You awnsered enough to move on!

You scoot over the last of the debris. You ha slid out and under the beech tree, flattened on your belly, and staring at the object.
It was a shiny sphere. It had five flat, almost triangular things sticking out. It had a tiny picture of a twolegs on it. It had a tendril made of a unch of tiny silver circles,  and looked like something that would dangle around your neck. 

You slide out of the tree. 

You poke your head out, and are surprised to see the Clearing totally empty.

The entrance yawns at you teasingly, and no cat is sitting watch outside.
You glance side to side.
Ready to run?

YOU have to SAY RUN over and over! If not, you slow down!
You don't want to be caught, or you re-start!
Ready?
Timer is coming on! 30 seconds!
GOOO!!!
You're slowing down!!!!
SAY the word STOP!
Firestar is peering out of his den with your father!
GOOO! They've turned away!
Say RUN RUN RUN RUN RUN again, faster to move faster!
Almos there!
Time's almost up!
You've made it!


> i
You are carrying:
The Catmint, Toy Mouse, Fish Scale and Twoleg Necklace.

> go to outside of camp
You are in Outside of Camp.
You are out. Feel free to return if you HAVE NOT aqquired the following items before contenueing.......
Catmint
Toy Mouse
Fish Scale
Twoleg Necklace
If not, return to camp safely by hitting......
Your heart is roaring loud. Your ears are thrumming. You feel adrenaline running through your veins. 
One thought yowls out in your mind.
I'm out.




I'm out!!!
You look around the forest.

Trees loom taller and in different shapes then you've ever known.
Leaves dapple the ground.
You see live prey scuttling around.
This is your first time out of camp.
And you're out.
To enjoy it all yourself.
 
You pad along a well worn trail, smelling strongly of ThunderClan.......
To Be Contenued.....
Hit any key for info, or exit and look out for Hazelstiltskin's next Warriors Adventure!

This has full copyright to Hazelsiltskin. 
This was ThunderClan Mystery 1, Unseen Enemy, Part 1. 
Keep your eyes open for part two!
These will only get better as I develop more skills, so hold on and don't leave if you thought this was bad......
Keep looking at some of my others!
END
[runner] turns=20 leftover=0 running=true WON=YES
