
> get varnish
You take the can of varnish.

> e
You move east.
Kitchen
This room is cramped, dirty and mildly disgusting. An old fridge and a small unit are the only furniture remaining, and even they are scratched and dented.  Light filters into the room through a big window to the east. Thick steel bars sit ominously  behind the window.  You can only move west.

> open fridge
You open the fridge.  A large piece of cheese is inside the fridge.

> get cheese
You take the large piece of cheese from the fridge.

> w
You move west.
Living Room
The first thing that strikes you about this room is how cold and dark it is. Even during the middle of summer you're shivering and struggling to see into the corners. The carpet is stained and covered by some sort of damp sticky mould. The wooden front door lies to the south.  Also here is a crate.  You can move north, east and west.

> w
You move west.
Bedroom
Something about this room makes you glad that you don't live here. The combination of garish wallpaper, layers of filth and bizarre wall angles makes you almost want to throw up. The strange stains on the bed and wardrobe add to the effect even further.   Light filters in through a dirty window with thick bars to the west.  You can only move east.  As you move the stiffness in your leg reminds you just how urgently you need to get out of here.

> open wardrobe
You open the wardrobe.  A coat hanger and a puppet are inside the wardrobe.

> get coat hanger
You take the coat hanger from the wardrobe.

> varnish cheese
You spray varnish all over the piece of cheese then wait for it to set. This leaves the cheese even harder than before and kind of shiny.

> e
You move east.
Living Room
The first thing that strikes you about this room is how cold and dark it is. Even during the middle of summer you're shivering and struggling to see into the corners. The carpet is stained and covered by some sort of damp sticky mould. The wooden front door lies to the south.  Also here is a crate.  You can move north, east and west.

> n
You move north.
Bathroom
The bathroom is dark and damp. Even the dim light isn't enough to hide the extensive decay and damage. Every part of the room is mouldy, dirty, broken or all three. The remains of a smashed bathroom suite and a half-collapsed shower cubicle add to the general squalor.  A small window in the north wall provides dim illumination.  You can only move south.

> break window with cheese
The artificially hardened cheese smashes through the bathroom window.

> get crowbar with coat hanger
You reach through the window with the coat hanger.  Carefully and painstakingly you manage to pull the crowbar near enough to take hold of it.  As you move the stiffness in your leg reminds you just how urgently you need to get out of here.

> s
You move south.
Living Room
The first thing that strikes you about this room is how cold and dark it is. Even during the middle of summer you're shivering and struggling to see into the corners. The carpet is stained and covered by some sort of damp sticky mould. The wooden front door lies to the south.  Also here is a crate.  You can move north, east and west.

> open crate with crowbar
You carefully pry open the crate. Doing so causes your leg to start to throb more harder and faster.

> look in crate
The crate is large and made of wood held together by heavy nails. It has been crudely opened, leaving the top badly splintered.  A saw is inside the open crate.

> get saw from crate
You take the saw from the open crate.

> break door with saw
You start the electric saw and cut a big enough hole in the door to climb through.

> s
You move south.
Hallway
The hallway is cold and sterile. Gleaming steel walls and doors seem like something out of a science fiction film. The only things that seem out of place are the broken wooden door to the north and the fire alarm. The southern door has a large number 53 on it, and the western door is labelled EXIT.  Also here is a fire alarm.  You can only move north.  As you move the stiffness in your leg reminds you just how urgently you need to get out of here.

> set off fire alarm
You break the glass to set off the fire alarm
You don't have to listen to the nasty pulsing of the alarm for long before the Fire Brigade arrive. From them opening the door it's only a short time until you find yourself in hospital and on the mend.
Congratulations, you've found your way out.
[Press any key to end]