
> examine me

I felt good on that day.  I'd had a great weekend; played some football and drunk a little.  I was dressed, if I remember correctly, in jeans and a red shirt, with my black leather jacket.  I was wearing my favorite sneakers.  The chief didn't really like me wearing them.  He said that they were scruffy and reflected badly on the department, but they were my lucky charm.  This guy had once taken a shot at me once - point blank range.  Somehow he missed.  No-one could explain it.  I'd bought some new sneakers a couple of days before and was wearing them for the first time.  After that I wore them to work almost every day.  I didn't care that it meant having the captain yell at me every now and then.  I was willing to pay the price.

> inventory

At that time I was carrying my Beretta 8045F, my badge and my cellphone.

> examine front door

Yeah.  I took a close look at that front door.  It swung on its hinges.  It opened and closed just like it should.  All in all it was a pretty fine door.  'So what?' you might be thinking, but that's why I'm the cop and you're just a...whatever it is you do for a living.  I could tell right away that this door hadn't been forced.  It had been opened of its own free-will.  Was that important?  Ah, well just wait and see.  I don't want to spoil all the surprises.

> examine leather jacket

What can I say?  It was a black leather jacket.  What's with the fashion quiz?

> examine sneakers

They were Converse sneakers.  Not the baseball boots but the proper sneakers.  Do you know the ones I mean?  Yeah,  I got them at a discount because the owner of the store owed me a favor.  I'd gone in there once while I was off-duty and I caught this guy shoplifting.  It's really hard to shoplift from a shoe store, you know, because they only put one of the shoes out on the shelf.  I never found out if it was intentional, or if the shoplifter just hadn't realised before, but I stopped this kid walking out with a left sneaker.  Just the left one.  Crazy.  Did he have a brother with one leg or something?  Maybe it was some stupid dare or something?  I don't know.  Anyway, the owner was all like "Thank you officer, thank you so much!" like it was a big deal.  I'm not one to say no to discount sneakers, however, so I took him up on his offer to sell me some cheap as a way of saying thank you.  I chose some black Converse, wore them to work a few days later and they saved my life.  What else was I going to do after that?  I wore them every day that I could.

> examine red shirt

I don't remember much about it.  It was just a shirt, you know?

> examine church

I guess that it was quite a small church.  I'd seen some really big ones around the city, but this one was pretty unimpressive.  I only saw it from the outside.  I didn't go inside.  I was more concerned with checking out the crime scene before forensics came and stopped me from doing my job.

> examine presbytery

It was a two-storey town house in a pretty nice neighborhood.  The presbytery backed onto the church itself.  I never liked the idea of that.  It seemed to me that it was like living at the office.  Why would anyone want to do that?  Anyway, it wasn't the kind of place most people would expect to be the scene of a crime.  Most people except me, of course.  You do this job for long enough and you see crime everywhere.

> examine danny

Danny.  Danny was probably my best friend in the department.  I don't think he ever knew that.  I never told him.  I like to think that he could tell, you know?  Like it was obvious from the way that we joked around?  Sometimes we hung out after work and I always got the impression that he valued my opinion.  I mean, why else would he want me to meet that girl, Carla or whatever her name was?  Maybe, ah I don't know, maybe I was like a father figure to him.  He was pretty new to homicide and I was the old hand showing him around but...but, well, he already had an old man you know?  They got on pretty well from what I gathered.  I don't think he needed another one.

He always wore the same thing to work.  Every day, every single day.  A suit, a shirt and a tie.  He was one of those dudes who used to buy four of everything that he liked.  He had the same outfit on every day.  With his glasses on he looked like a nerd, you know, the sort of guy you'd expect to find pushing Stephen Hawking's wheelchair.  He got that kind of rep around the precinct because he was so smart, but most people didn't know him like I did.  He didn't look tough, but he was.  He was pretty good at that martial art stuff that he did.  White Crane Kung Fu or something.  That was where he met Carla.  Carla?  She'll come into the story later.  Wait a while.

I remember him talking to that old lady, the cleaner.  He was good at that stuff.  You might not be able to tell but I'm not really a people person.  Yeah, I know, I hide it well.  Danny, on the other hand, was good with people.  Charming.  Witty.  Everything I'm not.

> examine jimenez

Good cop.  Nice guy.  Mateo has a lot going for him, except ambition.  He always struck me as one of those guys who would never climb the career ladder because he was happy where he was.  You know the sort?

Mateo was talking to Regis.  Probably about the Roman Catholic thing.

> examine regis

Yeah, Regis.  Big guy.  Well built.  I think he's good friends with Jimenez, but I don't know him well.  I saw him around, knew him by name but that was all.  Looks a bit like Henry Rollins.  You heard of him?  I used to listen to some of his music.  The Rollins Band stuff, not Black Flag.  OK, OK, I was just saying that Regis reminded me of Rollins.  That's all.  I thought it might help you picture him.  Oh, except he's got blond hair and Rollins has black hair.

Regis was standing around talking to Jimenez.  He looked bored.

> examine squad car

It was just a squad car.  They usually run them for about a year, sometimes less, and then put them up for auction.  If you can get one then do it.  They'll repaint it and take the lights off of course but they're usually in great condition and have been fixed up to go a bit faster.  You won't get one cheap though.  Just some advice there.  Take it or leave it.

> examine cleaner

I remember that she was looking upset and distressed as she talked with Danny.    He was great at making people feel relaxed and getting information out of them.  I had been in this job a bit too long and...I know that it shouldn't be like this, but you can't help it after a while...well, you suspect everyone.  I couldn't tell you how many times the person who 'discovered' the body was also the person who 'created' the body.  They all had one thing in common.  They all, with varying sincerity, played the 'upset and distressed' card.

So there I was wondering if this sweet old cleaning lady, who looked like she was at least seventy years old, had stabbed and killed a Roman Catholic priest.  This job makes you sick in the head.

> examine danny's notes

I couldn't read them from where I was standing.  You think I'm Superman or something?  I'd talk to Danny about the cleaner later.

> talk to jimenez

"So what did you...oh, hey sir."  Regis stopped talking as I came over and slouched by the squad car beside them.  I used to get paranoid about things like that - the officers stop talking when the detectives come along - that sort of thing.  I'm over it now.  I don't care about that kind of thing now.  I nodded at them both and waited.  I couldn't think of anything to say and they must have thought that I was a jerk.  I didn't care about that either.

> talk to jimenez

So Regis says to me "How was your weekend?"

"Pretty good," I answer.  

"Uh huh," he replies.

Jimenez is saying nothing through all of this.  I figure he's still thinking about the dead priest.  Before I can ask Regis how his weekend was I catch a look from Danny.  I think he's getting a bit antsy about me being around.  Probably feels like I'm crowding him and the witness.

> talk to jimenez

So I'm just about to ask Regis about his weekend when I notice a definite glare from Danny.  It's at about this time that I realise that I'm pushing my luck and should probably get on with investigating the crime scene.  I mutter a "Seeya" to Mateo and Regis and move away from the squad car.  They watch me for a second and then resume their conversation.

> go east

Presbytery (Entrance)

OK, let me try and describe this to you.  It was a long corridor and the door behind me, to the west, was the front door and obviously led back outside.  There were some stairs immediately to my right, but I didn't go upstairs.  I left that to Danny when he'd finished speaking to the witness.  My immediate concern was the study door at the far end of the corridor, I guess that would be...east again.  There was another door to the south that led to the kitchen and a door to the north that would take me into whatever passes as a priest's living room.  You know, I think about the whole celibacy thing and would have to say "You call this living?".  Ha heh!  No?  OK then.

Now, the decor was interesting.  I haven't been in many priest's homes so was maybe expecting them to be more...ornate.  Kind of like the churches, yeah?  But this was pretty low-key and classy.  Pale cream walls, a nice light carpet, a few tasteful pictures.  I was impressed.

> examine study door

I checked the study door.  I didn't see anything unusual.  No blood or other clues, and it hadn't been damaged in any way.

> examine kitchen door

Yeah, I checked that too.  I didn't see anything unusual.

> examine living room door

I didn't think anything of it.  There was nothing of any interest to me about that door.

> examine corridor

Yeah, I don't know how else to describe it.  It was the same as I've seen in a million homes before this one.

> examine carpet

I always take the time to crouch down and check the carpet.  Carpet is often a cop's best friend, yeah?  There's plenty of places where you can find a spot of blood, a fiber, a shoe print or some other clue.  I remember this one case where this one-legged guy killed his girlfriend.  There were single bloody footprints on the carpet all the way across the room, like the guy had pogo-sticked his way out.  When we finally caught up with the killer he looked at me and said "How did you know it was me?"  Man, I laughed so hard I nearly split something.

In this case there was nothing.  Nothing.  Not a single piece of dirt.  Forensics didn't even find anything.  That must've taken some doing.

> examine stairs

Ah, I can't really remember.  I think the carpet was the same as the entrance hall, but maybe they weren't even carpeted, you know?  Does it matter?

> examine walls

Sometimes you might find slugs or something in the wall.  They can be really helpful.  Seeing as the priest was stabbed in the study you won't be surprised when I tell you that I didn't pay too much attention to the walls.  Oh sure, I checked for large bloody handprints or a sign that said "I did it, signed OJ Simpson" but didn't find anything.  Maybe I should have looked a bit closer, considering what happened later.

> examine decor

You looking for hints for your own home?  The walls had been painted with a cream color, the carpet was...I think it was beige.  There were paintings on the wall, between the doors.  As I said, it was quite nice.  I'm not sure why you're so interested in the decor when there's a dead body in the study.  He didn't die while painting the ceiling.

> examine paintings

Ah, there was one religious one.  I can't remember what it was now.  I think it was Jesus on the cross, but it looked all distorted.  It might have been modern art but I don't think so.  There were another two paintings there that weren't religious.  One was of some field and the other of some flowers.  I guess Denvers liked nature as well as religion.

> examine painting of jesus

I don't remember too much about it.  It was just a picture.

> examine painting of field

I don't remember too much about it.  It was just a picture.

> examine painting of flowers

I don't remember too much about it.  It was just a picture.

> go east

Presbytery (Study)

I remember the study clearly.  The most striking thing about it was the bloody priest corpse slumped against a desk at the far end of the room.  That's the kind of detail that stands out to the highly trained police eye, you know what I mean?  There was an ornate mirror above the desk and a broken window to the left.  One wall was entirely given over to a large bookcase, which was jammed full of - surprise, suprise - books.  I also noticed, because it's the kind of thing that I'm paid to notice, that the light was on.

> examine body

The first thing I noticed is that all the stab wounds seemed to be in the front.  It's not always easy to tell because I'm never supposed to move the body.  So sometimes you can't see the wounds in the back because the corpse is lying on the ground.  Pretty basic stuff.  But in this case he was in a sitting position, leaning against the desk, so it wasn't too difficult to see what had happened.  The front of his robes were shredded pretty badly and there was a lot of blood, but there was nothing on his back.  But his front?  I reckoned I could count at least twenty all over.  Some in the gut, some the chest and at least one in the throat.  It was a brutal attack.

The second thing I noticed were that there were no defense wounds on the arms or hands.  There was plenty of blood, sure, but no obvious wounds or damage to the clothing.  When someone attacks you then you lift your arms in defense as a, you know, a reflex.  Even if you never hit back, you try to minimise the damage.  Now, the priest went down without a fight.

So, I begin putting pieces together right there and then.  The fact that the priest got stabbed in the front means that the killer was right there in his face.  No defense wounds, I reckon, means that the priest got taken by surprise.  Now, the only way someone in front of you can surprise you is if you're not expecting them to pull a knife and carve their initials on your chest, or if they jump out at you from somewhere.  I looked round that study and didn't see anywhere you could easily surprise someone from.  Right away I'm thinking that the priest knew his killer, or at least knew that they were there and didn't feel threatened by them.  I'm guessing that the killer got lucky and hit a blow that incapacitated the priest first time.  Maybe the throat shot.  So now the 'break-in gone wrong' story begins to look a bit weak, you know?

> examine wounds

The wounds were deep and jagged.  They were done in a frenzy.  This wasn't a calculated assassination.  This was done by someone who was in a hurry or didn't know how to handle a knife.  At the time I wondered if this was a spur of the moment thing - you know, not premeditated.  I'd seen wounds like this so many times before - usually in the bodies of abusive men who'd pushed their partners just that bit too far one final time.  These ones reminded me most of a case I'd had just a few months ago.  This guy had a bad trip on LSD and carved up his roommate.  Said he thought skeletons were coming out of the walls and his buddy was one of them.  This is an ugly, dirty city, you know?

> examine desk

The desk was at a slight angle, which I put down to the weight of the priest's body leaning against it.  He wasn't a small man, you know what I'm saying?

What does a priest have on his desk?  There was the biggest statue of the Virgin Mary that I'd ever seen.  Nah, I'm just kidding.  He just had a computer on there, like the rest of us average joes.  There were also papers scattered over the desk.  A pen pot had been knocked over.  Now, this could have just been something that happened when the desk got shifted, but you get a feel for these things.  There was too much chaos on the desk for it to be incidental.  Someone, probably the killer, had made this mess.  At the time you're thinking about why they would do this.  The most obvious thing that you think of is that they were looking for something.  After you've been doing this for a while you might think of something else - like maybe the killer wants you to think that they were looking for something.  Maybe the killer wants you to think that this is about a robbery rather than something else.

Usually you need a few more clues before you can make a firm call one way or the other, but I could tell something wasn't right here.  And before you open your mouth, I'm not just making it up after the fact.  I knew that the killer was trying to throw us off the scent one way or the other, but badly.  It was almost as if they couldn't decide how to do it - or even why they were doing it.  There was a sense of panic about the whole scene.

> examine virgin mary statue

I told you that I was kidding about that.  Did you miss that bit?  

> examine computer

I didn't pay much attention to that at the time.  These days we've got people whose job it is to look on computers for anything that might help explain a crime.  We weren't anywhere near that stage yet.

> examine papers

I did look at the papers on the desk.  They appeared to be a collection of hand-written sermon notes.  It looked like they had been piled at one end of the desk and the murderer had swept them around in a kind of haphazard fashion.  I didn't read any of them, though bearing in mind what happened later I have wondered if they had some bearing on this case.  At the time, I figured that the content wasn't relevant and anyways - I get preached at enough from my sister and her husband, you know?  And they don't even go to church.

> examine pen pot

I don't recall much about the pen pot.  It was incidental, you know?  Real-life is not like the movies.  We don't examine every single item and  then - gasp - one of us finds a strand of hair or a fingerprint in some really unusual place that solves the crime for us.  You see a pen pot that's been knocked over, you make a mental note to have it dusted for prints but you don't go picking it up and smelling it to see if you can figure out what toothpaste the killer is using.  It was just a pen pot that got knocked over when the killer was messing with the desk.  If you ask me about the individual pens I swear to God that I will stab you in the eye with a fork.

> examine individual pens

Luckily for you, I don't have a fork to hand.

> examine light switch

I told you that the light was on, right?  Now that's what we in the force would call a 'clue'.  You can tell something from a light being on.  Sit back and prepare to be amazed.

The first, and most obvious, thing that you might deduce is that this meant that the crime took place at night.  People have their lights on at night.  The light was on, ergo, it was night.  That's small potatoes for a case like this though.  It's not going out on a limb to assume that it happened at night.

However, what's more interesting is when you consider that this is supposed to be a robbery gone wrong.  So why's the light on?  Was Denvers working in the study?  If so, why would you break in through the study window?  Maybe the killer turned on the light.  But why?  There was no reason to assume that the place was empty - Denvers' car was still round the back.  It makes no sense.

Put this with the other clues in the room and you'll see why I quickly ruled out the bungled break-in theory.

Hang on.  I'm not done yet.

The next question I ask is why is the light still on.  The killer left without turning it off.  A study light left on all night is the sort of thing that attracts the attention of neighbours.  A calculated killer turns off the light.  A panicked killer gets out as quick as they can.  So which category does our perp fit in to?

Of course, if you think about it too much you can get yourself into all kinds of knots.  'Maybe the killer wants me to think that they're panicked so they deliberately left the light on...' and all that kind of jazz.  In reality, you just go with where the rest of the evidence is pointing.  And in this case, it was pointing clearly towards the killer not really having a clue about what they were doing.  They left the front door open, for Pete's sake.  

Pretty amazing that we couldn't get any good forensic evidence from this site, you know?  Killer was lucky this time.  Lucky or...something else.

> examine mirror

Yeah, the mirror.  It was the sort of piece that fixed in your eye-line.  A focal point, if you will.  Mirrors are usually a red herring.  We think they're important because...I don't know...maybe we think they'll link us to the killer in some way.  I see my reflection the same way that they saw theirs - that kind of thing?  Is that too metaphysical for you?  But like I said, in reality - the cold, hard reality of homicide - they give you nothing.  You see, they don't usually turn up clues unless someone broke or moved them.  I had no reason at this time to pay too much attention to it.  Maybe I would have done if I'd known what this case would become.

These days I don't like mirrors too much.  I don't like the guy who stares back at me.

> examine broken window

You remember what Mateo said?  He figured that the killer had come in through the window?  Well, if he'd checked the scene more closely he would have figured out what really happened pretty quickly.

When you check a broken window, it's child's play to tell which side it was broken from.  I didn't need to do much more than run my hand over the carpet to confirm what I'd first thought.  The broken glass was on the outside, which meant that the window had been broken from the inside.  You see, when you smash a window you...OK, OK, you get it.

So, anyway, this meant that the killer probably hadn't come in through the window.  My first instinct was that they'd come in through the door - which probably meant that Denvers had let them in.  This tallied with what the corpse told me; that Denvers had known the killer or at the least didn't feel threatened by them.  

What this also told me was that someone had broken the window, probably during or after the crime.  I couldn't see it being during - Denvers didn't put up a fight - so it must have been after.  Which meant that someone was trying to play games with us.  Probably, I thought, the killer trying to set up the break-in gone wrong story.  So this meant, to me, that the killer didn't have a clue.  Like I said, spotting that the window was broken on the inside was kindergarten stuff.  I was painting a picture of our killer here, and this was not the work of a professional.  This was the work of an amateur.

> examine bookcase

It was a big bookcase, and I noticed right away that it was pretty full.  That was important, because it makes things like missing books stand out.  There were a few books missing from a couple of the rows.

Maybe he loaned them out?  That's a reasonable idea, right?  Well, I knew that probably wasn't the case.  They'd been taken from his shelf by the killer.  How could I be sure about that?  It's difficult to be too sure about anything, but the most obvious solution is usually the right one.  Orcam's razor, or whatever it is.  The bloody handprints on the bookcase and books seemed to suggest to me that the most obvious solution was that the killer took some books.  

> examine missing books

You ever wonder what books a Roman Catholic priest has in his study?  Well, don't lose any sleep over it.  They were mostly religious stuff.

There were some books missing.  Did I already tell you that?  Anyway, there were, so I took a look at the ones that were there hoping to find a clue as to which ones were missing.  No good.  There didn't seem to be any pattern to the way that the books were arranged so it was impossible to tell which ones were missing.

I don't remember much about the books that were there.  As I said, they were mostly religious books and I don't know much about that.  I remember this one book - Vatican II - because it sounded like a movie sequel.  I went and looked that one up afterwards.  It was just a collection of essays and things from a Roman Catholic council.  I noticed that he also had a copy of The Da Vinci Code, which was unexpected.

> examine bloody handprints

They were smeared, but they were definitely handprints.  It was too difficult to tell if there were any identifying features - you know, like missing fingers or anything like that - but I was pretty confident that our forensics guys could get something good from these.  Maybe even a fingerprint or two.

Of course, I was intrigued as to why the killer had stolen some books.  Like with the other things that I'd noted, my first instinct was to put it down to a poor attempt to make this look like a burglary attempt.  Although my instincts were good, they let me down this time.  Not for the last time in this case.  The books were important.  But I don't want to get ahead of myself.

> go west


Thank you for playing the introduction to Apokalupsis.

I hope that you enjoyed this taster, and enjoy playing the other entries in the ADRIFT Intro Comp 2009/

Please feel to PM me or post a review with comments and feedback.


. . . .  Press a key to continue



(P.S.  For those that examined the bookcase - I know that it's 'Occam's Razor' really...)


. . . .  Press a key to continue



[Press any key to end]