
> take gun
You grab your gun off the desk

> open desk
You open the desk's drawers and search through them. You find an interesting file in the top drawer.

> n
You move north.
Street
The sun is out today and the street is pretty busy. Tourists walk down the streets taking pictures of anything that catches their eye. You can see a fancy hotel to the North, a small bar to the East, and the airport to the West. You're office is to the South.

> e
You move east.
Bar
The small seedy bar has been here for years and you occasionaly stop by for some drinks. It's quiet in here today, only a few drunks lined up against the bar downing their breakfast. One man catches your eye, Roddy Scotts, a friend of the fugitive.   He sits at the end of the bar with a bottle beside him. You walk over and sit beside him.

> use gun on roddy
You push Roddy against the wall and place the gun in his nose. You tell him to talk or the wall will be getting a new red coat. He sits back in his chair and agrees to talk.

> ask roddy about jake
"Yeah, Jake called me an hour ago. Said the heat was onto him here and he was going to catch a plane to Las Vegas. The plane leaves in a couple of minutes, I'd hurry if I was you. Oh, and make sure you have a ticket."

> take bottle
You take the bottle and place it in your coar. Roddy either doesn't notice or doesn't care.

> w
You move west.
Street
The sun is out today and the street is pretty busy. Tourists walk down the streets taking pictures of anything that catches their eye. You can see a fancy hotel to the North, a small bar to the East, and the airport to the West. You're office is to the South.

> n
You move north.
Hotel Front 
You're standing in front of the hotel, which seems to have closed down. It sure doesn't look as nice as when you seen it from a distance. The walls are cracked and the doors have been boarded shut.   You can see a man standing in front of the doors, he's shouting out words about some tickets.  Man is here.

> give bottle to man
You hand the man the bottle and his face lights up. He hands you a plane ticket and then walks off.

> s
You move south.
Street
The sun is out today and the street is pretty busy. Tourists walk down the streets taking pictures of anything that catches their eye. You can see a fancy hotel to the North, a small bar to the East, and the airport to the West. You're office is to the South.

> w
You move west.
Airport
The large airport is bustling with people leaving and entering the city. Tourists walk throughout the large area stopping at the food court or taking a quickly glance at one of the newspaper stands.   There's a plane leaving to Las Vegas to the North.

> n
You hand the stewardess your ticket and you get on the plane. It's a large plane so you quickly start looking through it for Jake. You finally find him in First Class. You sit in the seat beside him and slowly pull your gun from your coat. You hold it up to his side and tell him to slowly walk off the plane with you. You both get up and begin to walk towards the exit. Suddenly, Donny sits up from a seat in the back and shoots at you. You let go of Jake and run backwards, firing your gun at Donny. You run into the small bathroom and await your next move.

> go into vent
You climb in the vent and crawl your way through a small tunnel. You drop at the other end in the luggage area. Donny is already searching through the room for you. 

> shoot roddy
You raise the gun and shoot Donny in the back. He slumps to the ground with a puddle of blood around him. The door opens behind you and you feel a gun placed at the back of your head. You can hear Jake laughing and you know you'll have to think fast.  Jake has his gun aimed at your head  He's about to shoot!

> shoot jake
You quickly spin around and hit the gun out of Jake's hand. He backs up into the door and you quickly pop a cap into his forehead. You search through his jacket and pull out a wad of cash. You place the money in your coat and walk out of the room. You jump off the plane and quickly run back to your office. You place the money on the table and throw off your coat. You finally got your money back, the money you had to rob a bank for. All Jake did was shoot the guards blocking the way. Of course you weren't a bounty hunter, but it's easier to get people like you to help you with your problem...

You scored 30 out of the maximum 30!
That is 100% of the game!
Well done - you scored maximum points!

[Press any key to end]