
> get rope
You take the rope.

> look under rocks
You pry on the edge of the rock and are rewarded by finding a most awesome looking key.  

> get key
You take the key.

> stand on dock
You walk over to the dock.

> look gauge
The gauge measures the speed of the water.  Currently the gauge reads 13.5 m/s

> tie rope to boat
You tie the rope to the boat.  It feels very secure!  
When you are ready to pull the boat around type "pull the boat XX meters to the left/right" where XX is a numeric number --whole numbers only,  if you get a decimal answer, round to the nearest whole number.  You also have to choose whether to pull the boat to the left or right.

> pull the boat 60 meters to the left
You pull on the rope and drag the boat 60 meters to the left.  Not wanting to mess anything up, you point the boat directly across the river.

> enter boat
You walk to the boat and get inside. 


 "What a nice boat," you say," FOR KICKING MR. EVILS TRASH!"  
In the boat
The boat looks rather decrepid.  There is an ignition switch on the right console and a speed lever that has two settings, zero and 22.5 m/s.  The steering wheel is rather rusted up so you don't think that you will be able to steer the boat once it gets going.  You better make any setting adjustments before you start the boat.  
The boat is 60 meters from the dock.  A tacklebox is shoved up agains the side of the boat.

> turn on boat
You take the key and turn the switch.  The boat roars to life!  


vroom...


Vroom!



VROOM!!!


Now how do you make this thing move forward??

Looking around, you see a speed lever.....  hmmmm......how convenient.

> max power!
You jam the lever forward and the boat rips across the river.  In less than 5 seconds you reach the other side.  The boat zips forward to the other side of river.  


swoosh!


As you speed forward you travel downstream.  Thankfully, you have pulled the boat upriver the right distance and you end up on the other side safely on the dock!

yes 

yes....


Yes 

YES!!!
 

You make it to the other side just in time to grab Mr. Evil,  PUNCH HIS FACE OUT, and reconquer your beloved! 




 Congradulations  Physics has saved your love life.  Tell no one how to solve this puzzle and come and find Mr. E for some sweet extra credit points.  

To claim your extra credit points, answer the following riddle:
What cheese is made backwards?
think about it, if you can't, just google it.

Either way, bring Mr. E  the answer for some truly earned extra credit.





You scored 12 out of the maximum 12!
That is 100% of the game!
Well done - you scored maximum points!

[Press any key to end]