
> open drawer
You open the drawer.  A mouse is inside the drawer.

> look in drawer
drawers.  COUNT N.  A drawer is a part of a desk or other piece of furniture that is shaped like a rectangular box.  :)  The drawer is open.  A mouse is inside the drawer.

> get mouse
You take a mouse from the drawer.

> switch on computer
The computer boots up with a low humm......  You waited patiently for your computer to boot up...

As you reach to move your mouse pointer over the Internet Explorer icon...  to your horror, the mouse isn't there!!!

"Oh that's right!  I need a new mouse.  I just threw out the old one this morning."  You give yourself a disappointing sigh.

"I remembered having a spare mouse somewhere.  Wonder where I left it..."

> plug mouse into computer
You plugged the mouse into your computer.  You're glad that it worked properly.

Eagerly, you carry on with the task you set for yourself today.  Click...click!  You entered your username and password...

"Dialing..."
"Failed to connect to remote computer."
"No dial tone.  Make sure the modem is correctly connected to the computer and phone line."

> open cupboard
It is opened.

> look in cupboard
A grey two door wooden cupboard, standing over six feet tall and four feet wide.  On the downside, it does not have a mirror anywhere on it. Your myriad of clothes are neatly hung in the cupboard.  The cupboard is open.  A telephone directory is inside the cupboard.  

Abruptly, a thought struck you.  You scratch your head in dismay.

"Now I remember.  I need to buy a new modem."  You cursed as you blame yourself for being so forgetful.

Recalling...

Two days ago, there was a big thunderstorm.  Despite numerous warnings you've read or heard before saying that it is dangerous to surf the internet during a thunderstorm, you procceed, thinking that yourself won't be the unlucky one.  Suddenly, a flash of lightning lits the night sky, blinding you for a split second.  You hurried to shield your eyes with both your hands.  In the following moment, you hear the loud rumbling of thunder accompanied but a perculiar "booming" and "sparking" sound.  Slowly, you opened your eyes, only to realise that everything is dark and you can't see a thing.  Oh no!  The lightning has blinded you for life!  What a scary thought!  You compose yourself, and looked around.  At this instant, the power came back on and your room is bright once more.  The power must have been tripped.  But to your dismay, your modem has exploded...

Now that you're home, you find it a chore to go shopping for a modem at this hour.  Maybe a lazy fellow like you would fancy a home delivery...
If only you know the number to call...

> get directory
You take a telephone directory from the cupboard.

> read directory
You search fanatically through the directory to find a reliable pc vendor's number.  Finally, you found one.

CENTRAL HARDWARE ZONE HOME DELIVERY - "WE DELIVERY RIGHT TO YOUR DOORSTEPS, OR YOUR MONEY BACK." - 236-8725

> get money
You've already got the money!

> count money
You counted all the notes and coins... $88.  Unconvince at your poor financial status, you counted again, carefully... still $88.

> call 2368725
You dialed Central Hardware Zone...

"Good evening!  Central Hardware Zone!"

"Err...hello!  I want to order a dial up modem."

"Ahh...modems.  We have just the right modem for you.  We ordered two hundred of the latest modem this morning.  A hundred and ninty-nine of them were sold out already.  And you're our lucky two hundredth customer.  Tell you what... since you're so special, we'll even give you a 30% discount!"

"O..Ok.  Do you make home deliveries?"

"Of course we do!  Didn't you see our motto?  'We delivery right to your doorsteps, or your money back'."

"Well...ok then.  Send it over to my place."

"Deal!"  With that, you hear the salesman slam down the phone with a loud thud.  Somehow, you know you're going to regret this.  The salesman sounded like a cheat.  You wondered to yourself how you got coaxed into this deal.  Remembering when you bought the wooden table, you realise you were never good at making a good bargain.  
There is a knock on the door.  Knock...knock!

> open door
You open the door, wondering who it is...

"Good evening!  Did you order one modem from Central Hardware Zone?"

"Huh??  So fast?"

"Yup!  This is our renowed speedy home delivery service.  We deliver right to your doorsteps, or your money back."  Grinned.

"O..Ok.."  Awed in amazement and astonishment.

"That would be $400"  Another wider grin.

"Err..."  Awed again, this time in shock of the hefty price.

> give money to deliveryman
Although shy, you took all your money out and stretch your hand to Deli Veryman.  Your ears turned red and hung your head low, shuffling your feet uneasily.

"This is all I have..."  Deli Veryman received your money and counted it again.

"Only $88...  Well...  Since you're also my last delivery of the day, I'll personally give you another 80% discount.  That'll be $80, and I'll keep the change.  Here, take it!  I'm leaving.  Bye..."  Wide grin.

Surprised, you watch him as he dashed off down the corridor.  You ponder in disbelief how a deliveryman can accept $88 for a $400 product, and still carry that professional deliveryman smile.  Then again, that's not your problem.  Closing the door behind you, you carry your new-bought modem back to your work place.

> plug modem into computer
In a matter of minutes, the modem is connected properly and running.

Finally everything's in order.  Quickly, you logged on and continue what you set out to achieve today.  

Happy.  You feel a sense of accomplishment from fixing your computer.  Abruptly, you remembered your true aim for the day.

"I must do something constructive, meaningful and worthwhile today..."

You search the net furiously for nearly an hour and narrowed down your choices of something meaningful to two.

1.  www.allaboutalphabet.com
2.  www.adrift.org.uk

Use the format "click on [URL]"

> click on www.adrift.org.uk
Click!
The Adrift website, in it's purple and black background, appears on your screen.  You explored the site thoroughly and found Adrift very interesting, constructive, meaningful and worthwhile.  You might have found what you've been looking for.

Ten minutes later, you're convince that this is what you want, the one tool that can let you explore you limitless creativity while putting your logical thinking and analytical skills to the test during the creation of the game.  You decide to download it.  You found the following links:

1.  Adrift Generator & Runner
2.  Adrift Tutorial
3.  Adrift Topic Tutorial System (ATTS)
4.  continue surfing
5.  go back

Use the format "download [file]" or type "continue surfing" or "go back"

> download Adrift Generator & Runner
You downloaded the Adrift Generator & Runner.  Maybe you can install it later and begin your very first Adrift game.  You thought to yourself, "I think I'll make a house simulation..."  But for now, you still want to explore this website further.  

Abruptly, the letter 'A' floated off your keyboard and drifted towards the screen.  As the letter touched the screen, a small ripple start to form around it on the screen.  Much to your surprise, the letter penetrated the screen and vanished into it.  As the last corner of that letter disappear into the screen, so did the ripples on it.

Taken aback, you could not believe your eyes.  Instantly, you are overcomed by fear.  Despite this, you were determined to find out what happened.  You reach to touch the screen.  Bonk!  Your finger hit the screen face.  Try as you might, there is no way you can penetrate it.  The screen is indeed solid.  You got back to your work but the eerie feeling still lingers...

> download Adrift Tutorial
You downloaded the Adrift Tutorial.  This shall be your guide to using Adrift.  Every newbie must have it.  But for now, you still want to explore this website further.

> download ATTS
You downloaded the Adrift Topic Tutorial System.  It teaches a lot about variables and ALR.  You promise yourself to read it before making your first game.  But for now, you still want to explore this website further.  

You hear a tweaching noise.  Looking around, you found nothing and dismiss the noise as your imagination.  Suddenly, the letter 'D' broke off from the keyboard, and in similar fashion, drifted into the computer screen.  Fear grips you as it did the first time round.  As you sit back, staring blankly at the screen in puzzlement, the letter 'R' and 'I' took off into the screen in quick succession.  You feel even more determined to find out what is happening.

> continue surfing
You continue exploring the Adrift website and you come across a few more worthy links:

1.  KF Adrift on the web
2.  Adrift Forum
3.  go back

Use the format "click on [link]" or type "go back"

> click on Adrift Forum
Click!
You're in the Adrift Forum.  At once, you are surprise at the popularity of Adrift.  Many people from around the world have, like you, downloaded Adrift and are actively using it.  This is their dicussion ground, where fellow drifters' gather.

You begin to feel the strength of this special community.  As you read post after post, you feel yourself being drawn deeper and deeper into this unique group of people,  your thoughts, your body, fully captivated by this immersive atmosphere.  You feel literally swept off your seat, literally drifting...literally...

Literally!!!

To you horror, you're indeed floating in mid air, just like those letters were.  You recall the letters, 'A' - 'D' - 'R' - 'I' - 'F' - 'T', they spell 'ADRIFT'.

It's too late.  Struggle as you try but you are unable to get a grip on anything.  You are being sucked into the computer screen to who-knows-where.  Swinging your limbs in all directions to no avail, you plunged into the screen head first.  You are being pulled through a neverending white chasm.  As you rush through it at high speed, you feel yourself shoved and twisted all along your body.  For an instant, you hear a strange crumbling of paper, a moment later, the sound was gone.  After an almost endless journey, you come to an abrupt halt.

"Where am I?"

> open envelope
Breaking the seal first, you open up the envelope.  There is a note inside.  As you drop the useless envelope, it vanished into thin air (if there really is any air here).

> read note
It reads: "In the event that you are trapped in a void and could do no other useful things, you must find this note in a sealed envelope.  Once you find it, read the note, then someone will appear to assist you."  As you try to examine the note further, it vanished, as did the envelope.

> ask man about realm
At first, the man didn't seem to hear you, then he turned towards you in one swift movement,  his voice bellowing with anger.

"How DARE you talk to me like that!!?"

After a while, he calmed down enough to answer your questions...
"I, The Hintmaster, is the moderator of this realm.  This place you are drifting in, is known as The Adrift Foyer.  This whole realm is created by the one they call Campbell.  I honour him for all the work that he has done, and you should too.  Being The Hintmaster, I do as my name says, and sometimes against the wish of my creator.  But that is besides the point.  Here, you'll see rooms, objects, tasks, events and characters drifting around.  You may find out more from me if you want."  With his last word, he turns away and carries on drifting.

> Make The Hintmaster drop Event1
As if gripped by a powerful arm, an unseen force pulled Event1 from under The Hintmaster's belt.

"Well...well...  You learn fast.  Seems that you are starting to understand how things work here.  Fine...  I shall not retrieve Event1."

> I thank Campbell for creating Adrift
The Hintmaster laughs as you said that, nodding his head as if in consent.

"I see you must be grateful to my creator.  I used to honour him too.  If you haven't realized, Event1 has started running.  You're almost there..."  
"Hey!  You haven't told me your name yet!" said The Hintmaster.

> look
The Adrift Foyer
You can see no end in all directions... That is IF you know which direction you are facing.  Everywhere looks the same.  You are drifting in the Adrift world, where all the rooms, objects, event-tasks combo, characters are created.  This is where it all of Adrift begins.  Drifting here is Task1, Task2 and Task3.  Also here is an Event1, a circular device and a triangular device.  The Hintmaster is here.

> get circular device
You pick up the circular device.  
"You are not the first person here.  I am!" said The Hintmaster.

> press circular button
You press the circular button.  As you depress the button on The Correct One, your surrounding start to become brighter.  You raise your hands to shield your eyes from the increasing glare.  The Hintmaster and all in The Adrift Foyer fades into blindness.  You seem to hear The Hintmaster's last words...

"You have only seen a small portion of what Adrift holds for your in the future.  For now, you shall leave this realm, enjoy what time you have in your world.  We shall meet again... soon..."

The Hintmaster's laughter rings in your ears as the glare becomes too bright for your eyes to even open.  You feel your body torn apart by the same mysterious forces that engulf you when you travelled here.
The blinding light... 
the deafening laugh... 
the tormenting pain...  
Bedroom
This is your bedroom, simply decorated.  A single bed occupies one length of the room.  Next to it is a wooden study table and a matching chair in front of it.  Also, there is a personal computer and a telephone on the table.  Across the room is a cupboard where you store away all you clothes.  A large window on the north wall gives a wide view off the outside, making your small room seem much more spacious.  

You wake up, finding yourself on your own bed in your own bedroom,  unclear of what had happened.  "Was it a dream?"  Looking at yourself, you find no difference as when you first arrived home.  You shake your head in an attempt to regain some memory.

Everything is silent around you, the birds no longer sing and the breezing wind has stopped.  Suddenly, a familiar phrase rings a bell in your head.

"...constructive, meaningful and worthwhile..."

Now you remember, you came home to fix your computer and surf the net so that you can fulfill you aim.  But you remembered more... The Hintmaster.  Did it really happen?

Your head turned to see your computer screen on, you decided to carry on with you work.

> look
Bedroom
This is your bedroom, simply decorated.  A single bed occupies one length of the room.  Next to it is a wooden study table and a matching chair in front of it.  Also, there is a personal computer and a telephone on the table.  Across the room is a cupboard where you store away all you clothes.  A large window on the north wall gives a wide view off the outside, making your small room seem much more spacious.  As you get up from your bed, you feel an unexplained urgh to take another glance at your bed.  Your beloved bedsheet has the words "I am the King of the World." printed on it.  But now it's gone!  In place of it is another message.  Your eyes open wide as you read it...

"The Hintmaster is the King of the Adrift realm.  It's not over..."

Quickly, you rush to examine your keyboard.  True enough, six of the letters on the keyboard are gone, ADRIFT.  Looking up to your screen, it showed a familiar black and purple background.

"So it all really happened..."  You wondered to yourself as you slumped into your chair.  You bury your face in both your hands as you try to recall everything that occurred today.  

You are indeed captivated by Adrift.  No doubt it is already a very limitless program that allows you explore your imagination and creativity, but it also holds together a special group of people from all around the world that share the same interest in interactive fiction.

"Something constructive, meaningful and worthwhile... well... I've found it in Adrift.  Mission Accomplished!"

Once again, you logged on to the Adrift Forum and decided to join this band of crusaders in their common goal of creation.  You need a name...

You decide to call yourself...   ketigid

You look down at your open drawer, there's something inside.  It's a grey circular object, with a round button on it.

"The Correct One... Why is it here?"
You scored 12 out of the maximum 12!
That is 100% of the game!
Well done - you scored maximum points!

[Press any key to end]
