
> 
I don't understand what you mean!

> 
I don't understand what you mean!

> x dust
   All this dust is a slur on her name, on her lifestyle - my Emanuelle was as close to perfection as any woman could be. Who couldn't deny her a clean memory in death?

> x bed
   Such a beautiful bed was Emanuelle's. Each poster would rise up like her arms when she yawned and, in waking, the sheets would retain the warm crescent of her body, the pillows preserving the happy heart shape of her head.

> x sheets
   Soft and silken are the sheets reminding me of my Emanuelle's beautiful skin - not overly pale, yet untanned - as fragile and colourful as an ancient parchment.

> x pillows
   Soft and luxurious like her smile - the pillows often tended her gentle head in dreams, their colour matching that of the silken sheets.

> x posters
   In a roundabout way the posters of the bed remind me of my Emanuelle's legs - their sturdy yet graceful form and the way that they rise and rise adding an admirable height to the overall beauty.

> x portraits
   Paintings of my Emanuelle's ancestors dating back a few hundred years although I don't see the resemblance but the paintings in their age still shine with beauty and I'm sure as age closed in around her she would stll have shone by similar means.

> x blooms
   A wonderful patchwork of colour, her blooms resemble her sense of humour - varied, fun, and always warm. There were days when she would sit with her flowers, lovingly quenching their thirst, and conversing with them, asking unanswerable questions on life. On love.

> x window
   The window betrays her nature: its transparency an ill reflection of the complexities her mind would cloud. Looking through I see her garden, the autumn emptiness of the trees seemingly mourning her passing in concert with the darkest of daytime skies.

> x wind
   The wind's cold streak is invisible. It was much the same with my Emanuelle, I never saw her cold temperament - maybe her nature would never allow such imperfection.

> x curtains
   Her curtains are a wonderful shade of violet, their thick velvet nature drifting aimlessly in the breeze from the window almost like the mystique of her free spirit nature.

> x wardrobes
   Crammed with her myriad clothing, the wardrobes remind me of her many faceted nature, of the way she would always surprise you with a comment when you thought her opinions were spent.

> x clothing
   Numerous outfits that she collected over the years: cocktail dresses, ballgowns, and the softest silk leisurewear. A melee of colour, the clothes remind me of her gentle nature, her easygoing ways - their colours reflecting her warmth and humour.

> x dresses
   Trim and elegant, her cocktail addresses come in a small variety of colours such as black and shades of red and lilac. Although I never saw her wear them, never had the chance, I can picture her now walking any catwalk anywhere in the world such was her beauty and grace.

> x gowns
   Long and elegant, her ballgowns come in a large variety of colours such as black, blue, orange, and a wonderful silver. Although I rarely saw her wear them, rarely had the chance, I can picture her now dancing on any dancefloor anywhere in the world such was her beauty and grace.

> x leisurewear
   Casual yet elegant, her leisurewear comes in a vast range of colours such as red, purple, blue and brown and covered with numerous designer labels. Although I often saw her wear them, it seemed all that she had at times, I can picture her now walking any catwalk anywhere in the world such was her beauty and grace.

> x table
   My Emanuelle's dressing table with its huge mirror and chest of drawers was her favourite treasure. Sitting on its accompanying stool and playing with her many hairbrushes, perfumes, and creams she would sculpt herself for me to love and for others to envy.

> x mirror
   Many were the days when she would sit at the stool and stare dolefully into the mirror, rolling her eyes over the reflection, and working on sculpting a greater beauty than how it interpreted her.

> x stool
   Such a fancy stool. Designed in a style to match her dressing table, the soft cushion of the seat is, like the way she was with all people, comfortable.

> x hairbrushes
   Her hairbrushes are the finest I've ever seen - their silver handles moulded into the forms of Classical gods - of course, I wouldn't expect less from the finest woman I've ever seen.

> x perfumes
   Her perfumes are numerous in quantity and Italian and French in scents, the perfect reminder of reaching in to kiss her and havng my senses awarded with such a taste.

> x creams
   The creams are smooth like her wonderful complexion. Days wouldn't pass without these exotic vials softening her face, softening her cheeks as I would hold them when we kissed.

> n
   I can't leave my Emanuelle's bed chamber just yet, there are too many questions that remain unanswered.

> u
   I can't leave my Emanuelle's bed chamber just yet, there are too many questions that remain unanswered.

> open top drawer
   Reaching down, I take the drawer's handle and pull on it almost like the way she would take a man's hand and lead him to the dancefloor.

> open middle drawer
   Reaching down, I take the drawer's handle and pull on it almost like the way she would take a man's hand and lead him to the dancefloor.  

   The necklace that I gave her. Strange to see that it should be tucked within her middle drawer and not hanging around her sweet neck the way I would hang on her every thought.

> open bottom drawer
   Reaching down, I take the drawer's handle and pull on it almost like the way she would take a man's hand and lead him to the dancefloor.  

   A wig! What devilry is this? But that's my Emanuelle's hair. That's her raven curls, the sheen surely is evidence. And I have ran my hands through those locks suspecting nothing, run my hands through softly, collecting the ends and letting them cascade back over her fine shoulders.

> x mirror
   Many were the days when she would sit at the stool and stare dolefully into the mirror, rolling her eyes over the reflection, and working on sculpting a greater beauty than how it interpreted her.

> x wig
Nothing special.

> x necklace
Nothing special.

> x key
   It's a small key attached to her necklace like a pendant, attached tightly like the moments we would shudder together in the most comforting embrace.

> close top drawer
   Reaching down, I take the drawer's handle and push it away into the recess like the way she would force a man's intentions back when he meant more than a dance.

> close middle drawer
   Reaching down, I take the drawer's handle and push it away into the recess like the way she would force a man's intentions back when he meant more than a dance.

> close bottom drawer
   Reaching down, I take the drawer's handle and push it away into the recess like the way she would force a man's intentions back when he meant more than a dance.

> look under pillow
   Lifting her pillow, almost the way I would lift her chin to search deep in her eyes, I find her diary asleep in the comfort the pillow offers. Arousing it from its slumber, I take it in my hands.

> i
I am carrying her diary.

> open diary with key
   Slipping the key into the diary's small lock takes my mind to our sexual expression: the passion, the excitement, and the sense of discovery.

> read diary
I don't understand what you mean!

> out
   I could never spend another minute in my nay! Emanuelle's room - the perfume that floats around is no longer innocent but stings the eyes with my hopeless tears, the beauty that I saw in everything has warped, twisting all perceptions of her into something more unsaintly.
   She will of course, be sadly missed by someone (maybe her Etienne?) but not by myself.
   It all means, of couse, that my life must go on but I question in which direction to take my it: back into love only more suspicious? to live alone and never have need for love again? or to love everyone but never trust myself to them? Whatever I do i know that with any resurrection of her memory, I'm sure I'll smile as I curse her name and everything Emanuelle.  


   Thankyou for playing Emanuelle.

   If you would like to see this game developed further, please tell me at: MileOut@aol.com

   Emanuelle by Stewart J. McAbney

[Press any key to end]
