
> s
You move south.
Blacksmith's Shop
A once marvel of order and technological amazement to you, the shop now lies in disarray.  Broken metal is strewn about and your old friend, the Blacksmith, is no longer in sight.

  You see a crowbar.  You can move north, east and south.

> get crowbar
You take the crowbar.

> e
You move east.
Village Square
The sky is dark.  The town is eerily empty.

  You can move north, east, south, west, northeast, southeast, southwest and northwest.

> sw
You move southwest.
Inn
beautiful draperies and window treatments lie destroyed.  The roof and walls appear damaged by strange magic.

You see an Alien.

  You can move north, east and northeast.  Alien hits you, but it doesn't seem to do any damage.

> ghost
You have disembodied.
You manage to avoid Alien's attack.

> occupy Alien
You now occupy the body of Alien



> get body
Wow.  Holding your own lifeless body.  That's a little weird.



> ne
You move northeast.
Village Square
The sky is dark.  The town is eerily empty.

  You can move north, east, south, west, northeast, southeast, southwest and northwest.

> ne
You move northeast.
By the hill
As you stand next to the small hill above a once tranquil valley, you look to the sky and feel through your very soul an erie darkness.  You see that darkness is from an ominous and unusual cloud.  A ship.

  You can move south, west and southwest.

> stand on hill
You stand on the hill.

> activate beacon
You are transported  
Transporter Pad
The walls around you are a dark metalic grey.  You feel a rumbling beneath your feet.  You are on the Alien Ship.

You see an Alien Officer.

  You can only move south.  Alien officer manages to avoid Alien's attack.  Alien officer hits Alien, but it doesn't seem to do any damage.

> s
You move south.
In Corridor
A hexagonal tunnel stretches around you.  Cold and evil permeate the air.  There is a computer screen on the wall.

  You can move north, east and west.

> w
You move west.
Up the corridor
The deck plates rumble beneath you.  Is the ship changing speed?  You can move north, east and west.  You are now back in your body.



> w
You move west.
Corner
The corridor veers left.  You can see other alien ships out a window on your right.

  You can move east and south.

> s
You move south.
Large Hall
You walk down stairs into a large open area.  To the west is a giant bulkhead door.  Looks like whatever is to the west is pretty important.  Hey, how can you have cardinal directions on a spaceship, anyway?  You see a control panel.

  You can move north and east.

> use crowbar in bulkhead
You have held the bulkhead door open with the crowbar.



> w
You move west.
Bridge
A large and beautiful room bustling with electronic goings-on.

An Alien Attack Robot looms above you.  You see the unbelievably massive and ugly Alien Captain foaming at the mouth with anger.  There is a nametag on his chest that reads "HENDAR".  You can only move east.  Alien Robot hits you, but it doesn't seem to do any damage.

> drop body
You are not holding your lifeless body.  Alien Robot hits you, but it doesn't seem to do any damage.

> return
You have not disembodied.  Alien Robot hits you, but it doesn't seem to do any damage.

> ghost
You have disembodied.
You manage to avoid Alien Robot's attack.  You manage to avoid Alien Captain captain's attack.

> occupy captain
You now occupy the body of Hendar.

Hendar manages to avoid Alien Robot's attack.

> kill attack robot
Who do you want to attack?  You manage to avoid Alien Robot's attack.
