
> buy candy bar
I pay Mr. White the money and get the snickel bar.

> give candy bar to Mr.White
I hand the candy bar to Mr. White. He looks at it for a second, and then says, "For me?" I nod my head as if to say yes. His face seemed to brighten as he takes the candy bar. He smiles and thanks me. He eats the candy bar quickly, sits back down and continues to read his magazine.

> s
I move south.
Back of shop
As I step behind the big rack of food supplies, I see many things. I see another rack of food. I see some magazines, and some coolers. From this angle, Mr. White can't see me. North is the Market's front.

> w
I move west.
Supply closet
This is a back room where all the supplies are kept. There is a bundle of old bags used for carrying groceries, and a crate full of other things. There also is a toilet. East is the back of the store.

> take bag
I take the paper bag.

> wear bag
the bag fits on easily, and the holes make it easy to see!

> open crate
I open the crate.  A rope is inside the crate.

> take rope
I take the rope from the crate.

> e
I move east.
Back of shop
As I step behind the big rack of food supplies, I see many things. I see another rack of food. I see some magazines, and some coolers. From this angle, Mr. White can't see me. North is the Market's front.

> lift rack
I start to lift up the rack. Surely enough there is a gun.

> take gun
I take the gun from the rack.

> n
I move north.
Market Front
The fluorescent lights make a strange buzzing sound as they give off a white light. The counter sits at the front of the room, behind it is the old shopkeeper Mr. White. This is a one room market, with a small stand with treats on it. To my right is an automatic door. There is a pretty big cash register on the counter. South is the back of the store.

> threaten white
I pull out the pistol and threaten Mr. White, he freaks out and says, "Okay! Okay! Just don't shoot!" He then lies down and panics.

> tie up white
I tie up Mr. White with the rope.

> open cash register
I quickly open the register, revealing cash! 

> take cash
Great! Now that I have what I want, I'd better leave.

> e
I move east.
The Way Out
All I have to do is step on the mat and my heist will be complete.

> step on mat
I step on the mat....

You scored 7 out of the maximum 8!
That is 87% of the game!
You finished 1 points short.

[Press any key to end]