
> look
In a dark tunnel
You are in a dark tunnel that seems to have caved in when the little girl unexpectedly fell in.  A pile of dirt indicates where the tunnel once was.  A hole high above provides a tiny bit of light, but is far to high to climb back out.  Also here is a small stick.

> take stick
You take the small stick.

> dig dirt
You use the stick as a makeshift shovel and dig the passage out.  The stick breaks and is no longer usable, so you toss it up out of the hole.

> s
You move south.
Underground water pipe
You are at the underground water way.  There is a wooden spoon floating around in the water, that leads into darkness.  Also here is a piece of dental floss and a small rock.  Jenny follows you  from the north.

> take floss
You take the piece of dental floss.

> take rock
You take the small rock.

> tie the string to the rock
You wrap the floss around the rock and make a grappling rock.

> throw rock at spoon
You throw the grappling rock at the spoon and miss several times.  One last try....and it land on the wooden spoon.  You are then able to pull it near.  It looks like there is just enough room for you and the little girl.

> stand on spoon
You climb onto the spoon and carefully held the little girl on.  She loses her balance and nearly falls in, kicking the rock into the dark water.

> s
You float down the water pipe until you reach your chambers.  You jump off and help the little girl.

> open shell
You open the nut shell.  A ring is inside the nut shell.

> take ring
You take the ring from the nut shell.

> give ring to girl
You hand the little girl the ring and she exclaims in excitement, "Oh, thank you!  Mommy will surely be happy now!"    She removes the bow from her curly, blond hair and asks, "But how will I get back home?"

Before you are able to reply, you hear the sounds of her distraught mother.  Just as quickly as the little girl fell into the hole, she vanishes into thin air as if nothing ever happened.

Was this all just in your imagination?  Or was it in hers?



You scored 100 out of the maximum 100!
That is 100% of the game!
Well done - you scored maximum points!

[Press any key to end]