
> look out monitor
You look out your monitor, and think to yourself   "Not even I could have thought of a brilliant story like this."   You can see the keyboard, your speakers, the mouse, a glass of  water, and part of your desktop. Looking out further you can see your living room.

> pull up tool bar
You pull up  the toolbar at the bottom of the screen.  You often found  that hiding the toolbar gave your screen a much better appearance.  The ' Start Menu '  appears.

> press start menu
You press the ' Start'  button on the toolbar. The pop up menu nearly takes off your head. You are then pulled into the pop up menu  You feel a strange sensation move throughout your body.

> press programs
You decide to press the 'Programs' icon. Another pop up menu springs out to the right. There are several items that you may choose from this menu. You have 3D pinball, Accessories, Games, Internet services, a Media Player. There are several other icons on the menu. There are a lot of game icons. 

> click on media player
You click on the media player in hopes to find some good music.

> click on media library
You click on media library and a list of music titles displays on the screen. You have never been in here before, so you have no idea what the children have in here. You take a look at the list. Now you will need to play one of these.  It reads:     JB  ... HB... HK... MLL.... NPLH...TS..... VJ... and  YD

> play nplh
As soon as the song begins, your begin to feel strange. You look at your hands as they begin to be stretched toward the center on the screen. You scream in horror, as your body is stretched and sucked out the  rippling screen.  You can still hear the song,  and begin to scream louder.   You are so terrified at what is going to happen next. You scream uncontrollably. You scream so loud that you wake yourself up. Maybe next time you will give up and try another day. By the way,  scoring points was not the object of this cheesy game. So if you got a low score, that could have been a good thing.
You scored 590 out of the maximum 14198!
That is 4% of the game!
You finished 13608 points short.

[Press any key to end]
