
> take hat
You pick up the glossy black top hat with a flourish, saying 'Now look children - just an ordinary top hat, sitting on the table...' and there sits the white rabbit, hunched peacefully beneath it. 'Isn't she cute!' You exclaim, while the children stare. 'Too bad she's going to DISAPPEAR!' And you start lowering the hat back over the rabbit.

Suddenly the Rendle's Pomeranian, who had momentarily shut it's eternally panting mouth in suprise, erupts into shrill yapping and leaps over one of the children toward you. As the brownish blur of the dog reaches the table, a white blur leaps off the table and scurries across the floor to the screaming and laughter of the children.

In an uncharacteristic show of reflexes, you grab the Pomeranian, but he growls and snaps so viciously you drop him on the ground. A little voice from the crowd pipes up 'You leave my dog alone!' and a curly-haired girl bursts into tears. You see your neice's prize pet hop between the legs of the ladies in the doorway, with the Pomeranian in hot pursuit. Well, so far you are not making a very good impression.

Gilly slouches in.  Gilly sits down and cuddles one of the little girls.  Poppy crosses her shapely arms.  Glynn glances around at the other women and then smirks to herself.  

> take candies
You pick up the small box of candies and consider what to do with them. Actually, you wouldn't mind one yourself. Maybe the sugar would give you a jolt of energy and get your brain working again.

'Children!' You exclaim, 'See this humble box of candies I have!' Yes, you have thier undivided attention (although the women standing at the back aren't looking at the candies at all). One of the boys' mouth hangs open and a little bit of drool starts rolling down his chin.

'Well, well. I wonder if they are any good?' You gingerly pick out a small red candy and pop it in your mouth. 'Umm, mmm, thith ith thooooo ummy!' You drag it out, sucking the candy and then finishing it off with a sharp crunch of the teeth. All the children have unconsciuosly scooted forward around you.

'It's too bad such lovely candies have to DISAPPEAR!' You cackle.

'NOOOO' shouts a chorus of immature voices, and suddenly all the short people in the room jump up and swarm around you, pulling at your cloak, grabbing your voluminous shirt with sticky hands, and wailing until you drop the box of candies. In a mad scramble, all the candies are found and consumed, and even the Pomeranian, who you hadn't noticed for a bit, joins the sugar frenzy.   

> take balloons
You take the handful of long balloons from your cape pocket.  Glynn gives Poppy a sidewise glance. Even in your flustered state you can tell there's no love lost there.

> blow balloons
Blowing up balloons - so refreshingly straightforward! You blow up several balloons. The children seem to know what's going to happen, and someone yawns. One of the women at the back makes a remark you can't hear to another woman, and they both giggle.

With an armload of long balloons, you know there's more to this than just blowing them up. Hmmm.... you feel pretty confident you can make just about anything!   Poppy crosses her shapely arms.  Glynn gives Poppy a sidewise glance. Even in your flustered state you can tell there's no love lost there.

> make a balloon dog
You wrestle with the long balloons, attempting to create the most amazing dog these children have ever seen. 

'What?' One of the girls whinges, 'A dog? How boooring!' The women watch you, somehow mesmerised (you are beginning to feel that they took your 'male-model' description seriously).

You finish the balloon dog and hold it aloft. 'Give me! Give me!' The toddlers seem pretty happy with it, and two or three of them grab it from you, squealing with delight. You feel your confidence boosting.  Gilly scratches her lower back.  

> take needle
You take the needle.  Gilly slouches out.  Poppy crosses her shapely arms.  

> take large round balloon
You take the large round balloon from the shelf.  Poppy calls her daughter to her and whispers something in her ear.  Glynn unbuttons her severe suit jacket to reveal a pretty lace camisole, then seems to change her mind and buttons it back up again.  Glynn eyes Poppy's housewifely (but tight in all the right places) dress and sneers a bit. 

> put needle through balloon
It is not clear which balloon you are referring to.  It's as if a great door opened in your brain, and you suddenly remember one of your tricks! You can hardly believe it.

You show the children the long needle, jabbing it provocatively in the air. 'A sharp needle! Now what can I do with this?'

'Sew something?' a dim-witted but cute little girl says, hand in the air.

'No! I can POKE this balloon!'

Some of the children cover thier ears and squint (as if squinting will keep the sound out too). ' But watch!'


You slowly push the needle through the tape stuck to one side of the balloon, through the air in the middle of the balloon, and out the other side through the other bit of tape. It worked! For a minute there, you were mentally screwing up your eyes as well.

'Voila! Now, isn't that AMAZING children!'

They do seem pretty amazed. And you are elated. The women at the back clap appreciatively. Maybe they won't throw you out (or tie you up).  Poppy crosses her shapely arms.  Glynn eyes Poppy's housewifely (but tight in all the right places) dress and sneers a bit. 

> take wand
You are already carrying the long plastic wand.  Marian sips her cocktail and watches you.  Poppy calls her daughter to her and whispers something in her ear.  Glynn glances around at the other women and then smirks to herself.  

> press tiny button
Pressing the tiny button on the side of the wand, you are so suprised by the huge jet of water that shoots out of it, you almost drop it. 

Unfortunately, the water has sprayed a prim-looking little girl and soaked her party dress. She sets up a pitiful wail and looks at you accusingly out of giant brown eyes. All the boys, and the toddlers laugh, but some of the little girls are trying to comfort her. You glance at the women, expecting a scene, but you're relieved to see them just toss thier hair and wink at you.   Poppy surreptitiously adjusts her bra straps, then blushes when she catches you watching.  Glynn unbuttons her severe suit jacket to reveal a pretty lace camisole, then seems to change her mind and buttons it back up again.  Poppy turns her back on Glynn and makes a fuss over one of the toddlers who is clinging onto her dress.  

In the midst of your magicing attempts, a sudden blast makes you jump. The toddlers have popped the balloons they wrested from you and are now sitting stunned, amid a shower of rubbery fragments. One of them starts to whimper and then all of them begin screaming, tears running down thier faces. 

The other children start getting a bit restless.  

> take spoon
Picking up the spoon, you really are at a loss why you have it at all. It's pretty flimsy - in fact, it seems to have been partially hacked through on the handle.   Marian reluctantly leaves.  Aruna glides in.  

> bend spoon
You remember! This is supposed to be a show of awesome mental powers! You hold up the spoon for all to behold.

'Behold, the silver spoon of my aristrocratic ancestors! Crafted in the STRONGEST, MOST TOUGH silver ever known, I am going to show you what great strength a magician can conjure with his MIND.' 

You make a concentrating face, your mouth drawn down into a frown, bugging out your eyes as you stare at the spoon. After a second or two you jiggle the spoon a bit.  'Eerghhughh!' The jiggling causes the top to flip back. 'Aha! Wonderous magic!'

The children sigh with delight. You wave it around a bit, savouring this achievement, and the top breaks off. The children don't seem to mind, though.  
Press any key

At this point, the Rendle's Pomeranian suddenly decides to charge through the children and jump into your arms. You are mildly allergic to dogs, but so far this one hasn't affected you. Now though, you can feel the telltale tickling in your nose. A sneeze attack is about to begin. 

The dog licks your face, and the women ooh and ahh, swooning against each other. The children laugh. In spite of all this positive feedback, you can feel the muscles of your nostrils twitching more and more. You can't sneeze on the dog - you just can't. You know what happens when... but then it's too late.

AAAAAAAAAAAAATTTTTCHHHHHOOOOO!!!! The sneeze comes out long and wet, all over the poor dog. He leaps from your arms yelping, the children scream with laughter, and the women give you sympathetic looks, like they wish they were nurses, or at the very least wearing nurses uniforms.

You can feel another bout coming on, this time there's no dog to take the brunt of it... if only you had a handkerchief... wait a minute....

Poppy crosses her shapely arms.  

> take handkerchief
You feel frantically in the sleeve of your voluminous shirt for the silky handkerchief. Maybe it is for some trick, but there's more pressing matters now, that of your... 


AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAATTTTCCHHHO! Sneezing.

Finally you manage to pull out the hanky. Loudly and with much relief, you blow your nose on it, then wipe your eyes. You realise the children are laughing way more than simply blowing your nose warrants. Looking down, you realise the hanky is much longer than you thought, and is still partly up your sleeve. You pull, and pull, and pull some more - oh dear God, it's a string of handkerchiefs tied together! 

AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAbbthhh.. you catch this one in another section of the hanky train. You fear the children are going to burst a vessel, they're laughing and rolling around so much. This was NOT what you had in mind. You keep pulling, and sneezing, and blowing, and wiping, and pulling some more until there's a pile of soggy silk hankies all around you. The children can hardly keep laughing, thier sides hurt so much.

Huffing, you try to kick the pile of hankies aside, but they catch on your ankles and BAM! you fall to the floor. In it's excitement, the now damp Pomeranian bounds over to you and licks you face, yapping and panting.

'Oh no! AAAAAAAwwwwhhhhAAAAAAAAAAppppthththteowhe...' You managed to stifle another sneeze by rolling your face into the pile of hankies. The admiring women's faces are beginning to look a tad bit disgusted, and you realise that your magic career is probably over. Well, it's probably a good thing...

[Press any key to end]