
> look in locker
The locker is made of strong plastic. Apart from that, there isn't much else to say.  The locker is open.  A Blaster and a rope are inside the locker.

> get blaster
You take a Blaster from the locker.

> get rope
You take a rope from the locker.

> look in drawer
The drawer pulls out from under the freeze chamber.  The drawer is open.  A enviroment suit is inside the drawer.

> get suit
You take a enviroment suit from the drawer.

> wear suit
You put on the enviroment suit.

> open cuboard
You open the small cuboard.  A enviroment helmet is inside the small cuboard.

> get helmet
You take a enviroment helmet from the small cuboard.

> wear helmet
You put on the enviroment helmet.

> look at floor
The floor is a plain white colour.  A codeing manual and a survival kit are on the floor.

> get manual
You take a codeing manual from the floor.

> get survival kit
You take a survival kit from the floor.

> pull hand rail
You pull hard on the hand rail which hangs off the roof of the escape pod. The other end suddenly comes loose and you fall back against the locker. You pick the hand rail (a hand rail no longer, but a long bar) up and take it with you.

> open door
You open the door to the planets surface. You can now move out and in at will.

> out
You move out.
Column 1
To begin to try and describe the beauty that you can see would be impossible. You stand on what seems to be some column of rock. The surface area isn't very large and yet you are amazed at how the escape pod managed to land on it. From the evidence of the surface it seems it must of landed verticaly at some speed. Some smaller parts of rock have come loose.
  The sky has a light orange taint to it, reminding you of the colour of marmalade, though what marmalade is you can't remember. Below the height of the column is a sea of colourful gasses. You look directly downwards and see that the bottom of the column dissapears into a spiral of green and purple gasses, trying to climb their way up the side of the rock.
  Something passes just above you which grabs your attention. It is some sort of plant life, floating in the low gravity levels. There are more, just peacefully allowing the breeze to take them along. This isn't the only column as well. The one you stand on is at one end of a chain of five. Something shiny catches your eye. There is some sort of device on the fith column. You wonder if you could get over there to find out what it is. There are other columns in the distance as well, each disappearing into the depths of the gasses below. You wander how high up you actually are.

> throw bar to column 2
You throw the bar across to the second column.

> jump to column 2
You take a run up, which in the low gravity is a large step up, and jump forwards. The feeling is fantastic, yet a little scary. You land on the second colomn and have to work hard to stop yourself from just bouncing off the other side.
 You stand up and look back. There is a rumbling sound and then the colomn collapses. You watch the rock and the escape pod dissapear into the depth of the sea of gasses. You hope there was nothing over there that you needed.

> get bar
You pick up the bar.

> vault to column 3
Useing the bar you run up and vault over to the third column. You gain the extra distance and hight you need and land safely. Unfortunatly you loose the bar and it falls down into the depths below.

> propel to column 4
You jump towards the fourth coloumn. While in the air you turn around and fire the Blaster. It propels you furthur and quicker towards the fourth collumn. You make it, but have to hold onto the side to stop yourself from flying off the other side, you picked up some speed in the process.

> tie loop in rope
At one end of the rope you tie a fairly large loop. You test it and make sure the knot is strong and wont come loose with a large weight pulling on it.

> throw rope to column 5
Keeping ahold of the other end you throw the rope towards the fifth column. You miss the first and second time, but it is third time lucky and the loop in the end of the rope falls around the divice. You can now climb the rope to the fifth column.

> climb to column 5
You swing on the rope so that you are up against the rock side of the fifth column. Then useing your hands to pull on the rope and using your legs to walk against the rock surface, you make your way to the top of the column.

> recode transmitter
You follow the manuals instructions on how to recode this type of transmitter. It takes a while but finally it begins sending out a distress signal.

> look
Column 5
A device stands has been put here on purpose. Somewhere in the back of your mind you seem to know that this devise is a transmitter and could be used to send a signal for somebody to come and pick you up.  
All you can do now is wait...
Time passes and you use up the supplies in your survival kit. Slowly you grow weaker. Then just when your about to give up and you don't have the strength to keep your eyes open, a ship appears. Somebody comes out and scoops up your limp body and takes you back within their ship. You have been saved.  
You scored 150 out of the maximum 150!
That is 100% of the game!
Well done - you scored maximum points!

[Press any key to end]
