
> look
Coffee Shop
That is a common coffee shop around the corner of the street. It's to the left of your detective's office, and you are a returned customer here.  You stand at the door for a while to get used to the darkness inside.  You see Jimmy sitting in the dark.  The waiter gives you a smile.

> examine waiter
The waiter is a young and active man. He smiles at you. You can ask him for some coffee.

> ask waiter about coffee
Hey Guy, why not sit down? so, you are ready to order? I bet I know what you want.

> order
The waiter comes over and put your coffee on the table. You may want to sit down and taste it now.

> sit on chair
I sit down on the chair.

> get coffee
I take the coffee from the table.

> drink coffee
You drank all the coffee and put the cup down. Jimmy keeps silent when you are drinking the coffee. Now he looks up and seems ready to tell you something.

> examine jimmy
Jimmy is now staring at the table.  Jimmy is carrying a piece of paper.

> ask jimmy about staring
I am just thinking of you. Will you still be in the detective's office? Or......you still want to find your past? 

> ask jimmy about past
I still believe that future is what's important. I know you have different opinions. So, if that's your decision.......I actually have some information. Look at this paper.

> examine paper
A small piece of paper with some useful information. You may need to ask Jimmy about the paper.

> ask jimmy about paper
Listen, Guy. This may be the only clue to your past. Someone called Sam, whom i happened to know when i was in the restaurant MILLY. He saw a photo of our two, and told me that he must have seen you somewhere before. Take the paper with you (get paper from jimmy).

> get paper from jimmy
You have got the paper from Jimmy. You feel a little bit nervous once you reliazed that it's the only clue to the past. You need to keep it with you and find some way to contact this man called Sam.  

Suddenly, it starts to rain. Who am I? I feel that i am a phantom in the coffee shop on this autumn day. My past is in the fog.

> read paper
Sam Belanger, 52 years old, manager of Milly restaurant. Yellow hair and grey eyes.

> examine table
That is a common oak table.  A key is on the table.  
Jimmy stands up and hand you goodbye. "Let's keep contact, Guy. " Jimmy quickly walk to the door. He turned back and smiled. It makes me sad. In a second, he disappears at the door.

> get key
I take the key from the table.

> east
(Getting off the chair first)
I move east.
Detective's Office
You are in Jimmy's detective's office. You have been working here for eight years. It's a small but neat room with a huge dark-color wood bookshelf standing behind. There is also a large desk with piles of documents on it.

> examine desk
An old wooden desk with a drawer.   A lamp and the yellow page are on the desk.

> get yellow page
I take the yellow page from the desk.

> look yellow page
The telephone directory of businesses, categorized according to the product or service provided. You can do look * up from yellow page to find a telephone number.

> look milly up from yellow page
You get the telephone number for Milly restaurant. You called and asked if there is anyone called Sam Belanger. Yes there is.   You then make an appointment with Sam in Milly restaurant tomorrow.

> east
I move east.
The 5th Ave I
The 5th Ave. is the main avenue of this city. It is crowded with people coming and going. To the west is Jimmy's detective's office. And you can follow the avenue to the south.  A boy was selling newspapers in the street.

> south
I move south.
The 5th Ave II
The 5th Ave. is the main avenue of this city. It is crowded with people coming and going. You can follow the avenue to the south.

> south
I move south.
The 5th Ave III
The 5th Ave. is the main avenue of this city. It is crowded with people coming and going. To the east is the Milly restaurant, and to the west the church of Saint Simon.

> east
I move east.
Milly restaurant
You are now in the Milly restaurant.   Also here is the counter.  Amy and Sam are here.

> examine counter
A common counter seems old.  The newspaper is on the counter.

> get newspaper
I take the newspaper from the counter.

> read newspaper
Something attracts your eyes:
Bates, Patrick, a famous artist, died yesterday. And his funeral will be held tomorrow afternoon, 5pm, at the church of Saint Simon.

> examine sam
I thought Sam was examing my face with interest. I stared at his eyes and in hopes that he can suddenly shout out my real name. But he just smiled, and murmured: "Yeah..I must have seen you somewhere....but where, I cannot remember now...maybe it was at the pool house....."

> ask sam about name
"Your name? Don't be kidding, Guy. How can you don't know your name? You used that to make the appointment...You are still this funny...." Sam seems to forget my old name at all....

> ask sam about pool
You know Guy, I really love playing pool. I was going to the pool house every evening about 10 years ago. I still remember that there was a pool house called BlindPig around the corner at that time.

> ask sam about BlindPig
That was a wonderful place. It actually runned by my boss 10 years ago. And then he quit and start Milly restaurant. You can still find some old photos about the pool house on the wall if you go inside the lobby. Good old time, that's what people say.......I will be with you later in the lobby to show you the pictures.

> in
I move in.
Milly restaurant lobby
It's an empty place with echos of people's voices from outside. You look around and see some old pictures on the wall. You cannot help to touch the pictures..

> touch the pictures
I can really feel the time when I touched those old, yellowed pictures. I closed my eyes and try to remember, but nothing came to my mind. I sighed and opend my eyes again, and suddenly, I am attracted by the pic1 on the wall.  Sam enters from outside.

> examine wall
That's a flat white wall full of pictures.  The pic1 is on the wall.

> examine pic1
Suddenly one picture captures your eye. There is a tall man who has grey hairs in this picture. He was benting to talk to another man. He is at the back, and you can only see his profile. You may ask Sam about the interested man and pic1.

> ask sam about the interested man
"Do you think he looks like me?" I asked. Sam examing the pic for a while and said: "Maybe. It looks like you, but I am not so sure." But I guess I know the man he is talking to. Isn't him your friend?

> ask sam about friend
Oh you dont have contact with him now? You were always together in the pool house at that time. Don't know if he will attend tomorrow's funeral...

> ask sam about funeral
The funeral for Mr. Bates will be held tomorrow......

> ask sam about bates
He is really a nice guy....I feel sorry for him. I haven't seen him for a long time. I thought your friend knew him well.

> ask sam about pic1
Yes, you can have it if you want, my friend. See the man in the front? That's Mr. Bates. I was shocked when i read today's newspaper.

> wait
Time passes...
I looked at the pic1 again, and felt that I may be that man with grey hairs in the pic1. Then I put the pic1 into my pocket carefully....I need to get contact to that man who is supposed to be my friend....
I handed Sam goodbye and left.

> west
I move west.
Church of Saint Simon
A small but solumn church. It's quite quiet here.  Also here is a board.

> examine board
It's a wooden board. You can read it about the events in the church.

> read board
The graveyard will open to public for Mr. Bates, Patrick's funeral at 5pm, Nov 3rd. You can go straight in to attend the funeral. 

> in
I move in.
Graveyard
It's a quite graveyard, and Mr. Bates is resting here.  

There are many people standing in front of Bate's grave. The priest had finished his talking. Everyone looked solumn and sad. 

Among them I noticed that old man with a young girl. I waited until they turned around and about to leave. I came to them and said: "Hello Micky."

Micky didn't respond. He looked at me for a while and passed by. The girl with him smiled at me and said:"Sorry Sir, my father suffers from Alzheimer's dementia, and cannot remember many old friends now....My name is Ann."
You may want to start conversation with Ann now. Maybe you can show ann pic1.

> examine micky
Micky is very tall, and old. He stared at the floor with his blank eyes. He seemed to be sank in his own world.

> examine ann
A young girl with Micky. They look alike, and she is Micky's daughter.

> ask ann about micky
My poor father can seldom make conversations now. He always sits at home looks at those old photos......He seems to be in his own world, and has no relation to this real world.......

> ask ann about old photos
Yes my father kept many old photos at home. He wrote the names for everyone in the photo on the back of the photo.....I guess that he may know that his memory would get worse even at that time....You can come over if you are interested in those photos.

> ask ann about pic1
I took out pic1 and showed Ann the man in the back. "Do you think he looks like me?" I asked. Ann examined the pic for a while and said: "Yeah it looks like you ....Maybe." I think i have seen this man somewhere in the old photos kept by my father.

> wait
Time passes...
Ann waived me goodbye and left with her father slowly.  People went over to the grave to show their sadness. Many of them put flowers in front of the grave. I followed the line and was in front of the grave when the priest indicated that I may bless Bates now.

> bless bates
I closed my eyes and tried to remember Bates.....I felt weird that I cannot even remember my old friend on his funeral. It made me feel sad.  

> wait
Time passes...

> out
I move out.
Church of Saint Simon
A small but solumn church. It's quite quiet here.  Also here is a board.

> north
I move north.
The 4th Avenue II
The 4th Ave. is the main avenue of this city. It is crowded with people coming and going. To the west is Mike's house. You can knock the door.

> north
I move north.
The 4th Avenue I
The 4th Ave. is the main avenue of this city. It is crowded with people coming and going. To the west is Micky's house. You can knock the door.

> knock the door
The door is opened. Ann smiled at you and lead you into the house.  
Micky's
Micky's house is not very large, but quite neat. There is a cabinet standing by the window. Micky kept silent and sat at the window.....Ann seemed ready to start conversation.

> examine cabinet
A common wooden cabinet with lots of old photos.   The cabinet is closed.

> open cabinet
I open the cabinet.  The photo box is inside the cabinet.

> get box
I take the photo box from the cabinet.

> open box
I open the photo box.  Inside the photo box is the pic2, the pic3 and the pic4.

> get pic2
I take the pic2 from the photo box.

> examine pic2
There are three men and a girl in this picture. They were very young. The left most man has red hairs and blue eyes. The other two men all have grey hairs and grey eyes. They look a little bit alike. The girl is pretty, and looks familiar with me.
 If you go to the other side of the pic, you can find the names of each person. From left to right: Andrew, Fled, Joel, Clare......
Maybe you can ask Ann if she knows these guys.

> ask ann about andrew
I dont know this guy at all...

> ask ann about fled
I am sure that this man should be the one in the previous picture.....So....his name is Fled...ummm, my father had once mentioned that Fled owns a castle somewhere...You may want to know more about castle ...

> ask ann about joel
Hey Guy, this man called joel also looks like you, isn't he?

> ask ann about clare
"She is quite beautiful....." Ann said....Suddenly I remembered a scene that I was with Clare in a pub.......I may ask Ann more about pub.

> more about castle
"I don't know where the castle is..."Ann said. I thanked her and left Micky's house. Micky kept staring at the floor there. I sighed and closed the door. I guess I can find out where the castle is by searching the old files about Fled...
Am I Fled? Who I am indeed.....With the questions, I went back to the detective's office.  
Detective's Office
You are in Jimmy's detective's office. You have been working here for eight years. It's a small but neat room with a huge dark-color wood bookshelf standing behind. There is also a large desk with piles of documents on it.  

> unlock drawer
I unlock the drawer with the key.

> open drawer
I open the drawer.  The old files are inside the drawer.

> turn lamp on
The lamp is on now........I can now see clearly...

> search old files by fled
You can not find any information about this guy after 1935. He used to own a castle which is located at 1st, the 5th ave. And you can find the way to it by examing the city map.

> examine bookshelf
A huge dark-color wood bookshelf with a lot of books on it.  Inside the bookshelf is a city map, a book titled missing person and the picture.

> get map
I take the city map from the bookshelf.

> examine map
The city map. You may need it for directions.

> close drawer
I close the drawer.

> lock drawer
I lock the drawer with the key.

> east
I move east.
The 5th Ave I
The 5th Ave. is the main avenue of this city. It is crowded with people coming and going. To the west is Jimmy's detective's office. And you can follow the avenue to the south.  A boy was selling newspapers in the street.

> north
I move north.
Fled's castle
I am now in Fled's castle. It should has been a beautiful place, but seems deserted for a long time. I can go into the cabin .  
I passed the grass and thought: "Is this castle where I spent my childhood?" I stood in front of a swing and imagined the old times I may had spent here. I may have spent the best time of my life in this old castle.

> in
I move in.
Cabin
  A gardener is here.

> examine gardener
The gardener saw me and shouted: "Oh my god, you are Fled's friend!....How many years since I saw you last time, sir?"  He looked at me and smiled:''We all get old, sir." You may want to show the gardener picname now. 

> show gardener pic1
I took out pic1 and showed the gardener....."Oh sir, where you get this? That was in the old pool house. You see Fled here?" He pointed at Fled in the picture.

> show gardener pic2
I took out pic2 and showed the gardener....."Yes, you four are always together at that time. Fled, Andrew, you and your girl......" 
............I was not whom I thought I am...I am the one beside Fled.....so....My name is Joel?......And Clare is my girlfriend?...Then, what's my full name?

> ask gardener about full name
How can I remember your full name sir?....No..I don't remember that...I am old now...

> ask gardener about fled
Even I haven't heard from Fled for many years.....It should be 5 years ago, Fled sent me a letter and told me he would go on a voyage. No further news about him later. I am afaid that he may not be in this world now...

> out
I move out.
Fled's castle
I am now in Fled's castle. It should has been a beautiful place, but seems deserted for a long time. I can go into the cabin .  Andrew is here.  

Andrew ran to me and huged me tightly. "Hey Joel, how are you?" 
The hug actually reminds me of the old times. Yes...We were together...We four went to BlindPig nearly every evening around 1930. Clare was so good at pool, and none of us three men can ever beat her. I felt Clare's face is in front of me now......At this moment the only way to know more about Clare is to go to the pub. That's the place where she was born...

> west
I move west.
Modiano Str. III
The Modiano Str. is a narrow but quiet. To the south is the detective's office.

> west
I move west.
Modiano Str. II
The Modiano Str. is a narrow but quiet. To the north is the old apartment. You can knock the door.

> west
I move west.
Modiano Str. I
The Modiano Str. is a narrow but quiet . To the left is the pub.

> west
I move west.
Pub
I am now in the Pub. I look around and there are many pictures about young girls hanged on the wall. It's very noise here. People are drinking and talking in several different languages.   The waiter is busy serving.
I am attracted by one of the picture on the wall....That was Clare. I cannot help to go in front of the picture.

> look
Pub
I am now in the Pub. I look around and there are many pictures about young girls hanged on the wall. It's very noise here. People are drinking and talking in several different languages.   The waiter is busy serving.
I am attracted by one of the picture on the wall....That was Clare. I cannot help to go in front of the picture.

> go in front of the picture
I stood in front of it still for five or six minutes. Memories flashed back from void, and then went back to the void after the flashes....

> examine picture
That's a large picture of Clare. She looked very young and very beautiful in the picture. You may want to ask the waiter about this picture.

> examine waiter
The waiter stood with you in front of Clare's picture, and seemed happy to share information of Clare with you.

> ask waiter about picture
You like this picture sir? Me too. Clare was 18 at that time. This picture was taken by a famous photographer...This picture was also on a magzine and I still kept the magzine.....How many years have passed since then...

> ask waiter about photographer
His name should be Mike Hyde...

> ask waiter about magzine
You wanna see the magzine? Sure I can lent it to you. But you should promise that you will give it back to me. (I promise)

> i promise
The waiter left me and went back with the magzine in a minute. He handed the magzine to me and said:"Dont' forget your promise, sir."

> examine magzine
An old magzine with Clare's photo on it. The photo was taken on 1924, by Mike Hyde.

> ask waiter about clare
She is the ex owner's daughter...Are you her friend? I have been here for more then fifty years. I actually saw her grow up. It has been long time since I got news from her. Hey I actually have some other pictures of her.

> ask waiter about other pictures
So, you want to see other pictures, sir?

> see other pictures
The waiter left me and went back with an envelope in a minute. He handed it to me and said:"The pictures are inside. You can keep them sir."  The waiter handed me goodbye. 

On my way back to the detective's office, I remembered clearly that there was one night, I came to the pub and saw Clare playing with pool in the pub. That's the first time we saw each other....then we went to Blindpig often together with Fled and another guy called Andrew...and my real name is Joel Guass..

There was also a faint memory that I was living with Clare for a while in an old apartment.....How can I find the address of the old apartment?....

Detective's Office
You are in Jimmy's detective's office. You have been working here for eight years. It's a small but neat room with a huge dark-color wood bookshelf standing behind. There is also a large desk with piles of documents on it.

> examine envelope
A yellow envelope full of pictures of Clare.  A pic5 and a pic6 are inside the envelope.

> examine pic5
In this picture, Clare was a little girl with her mother.

> examine pic6
In this picture, Clare was playing the pool

> unlock drawer
I unlock the drawer with the key.

> open drawer
I open the drawer.  The old files are inside the drawer.

> search old files by clare
"She is the pub owner's daughter. Between1930-1932, she once live in an old apartment located 2nd, Midiano Str. No information about this girl after 1932."

Modiano Str. II
The Modiano Str. is a narrow but quiet. To the north is the old apartment. You can knock the door.

> knock the door
The door is opened. Marry looks surperising at the door. "My god, Joel? Come in please. This apartment always welcome you back."  
Old apartment
  Marry is here.

> ask marry about clare
I haven't received any mails from her after 1932. It's so good to see you after 8 years Joel.

> ask marry about 1932
Clare and you left here at that time.....I got a mail from Clare and said that you were going to across the cordon and steal into French.  She said she would let me use the apartment. Seriously, what happened?

> ask marry about mail
I think I still keep that mail. You want to see the mail?

> see the mail
Marry found the mail and handed to me.

> read mail
"Dear Marry, 
How are you? Joel and I had left our old apartment, and you can use it as you like. We decided to across the cordon and steal into French from Germany after a week. I will mail you later when I get there. We are very happy. Don't worry. 
Yours Clare
autumn of 1932"


> ask marry about apartment
I have been living in this apartment for about 8 years, since Clare and you left here. I haven't changed much here. The furnitures should seem familar with you....You want to see the bedroom? Make yourself at home.

> wait
Time passes...
Marry smiled and said:"I have been living in this apartment for about 8 years, since Clare and you left here. I haven't changed much here. The furnitures should seem familar with you....You want to see the bedroom? Make yourself at home."

> see the bedroom
I asked Marry to give me some time alone, and then went into the bedroom.

Bedroom
A simple bedroom with a king-size bed, and a small desk in front of the window.

> wait
Time passes...
In this bedroom, I now remembered everything.....
On that day we two first followed two guides to steal into French. On the way the guides sugested that we seperate and meet later after we across the cordon. I hugged Clare and followed one guide respectively. That was the last time we saw each other. I should never had apart from Clare at that time.
I followed my guide for a while, and then be attacked by the guide. And I lost my memory from then on.....  
I went out of the bedroom. Marry was sleeping in the chair. I left quietly. 


I walked on the Modiano's Street home and felt that I was walking in a dream. I had already lived my whole life, and was like a ghost wandering in the cold and dry airs. How many times had I been in this street? Maybe I steped my old footprints without notice.

I took the pic5 out and saw Clare again. I didn't notice that she was crying in the picture. The little girl was going back home from the beach with her mother. She cried with no reason, and maybe she just wanted to play for a little bit longer at the beach...She went away, and disappeared at the corner. Will our life just disappear in this autumn evening, just like the sadness of the little girl?
[Press any key to end]