
> go through hole
As you begin to reach toward the hole, you hear a rushing sound and are propelled straight through the hole to whatever is on the other side.  You also hear clunking noises, as if large objects were being moved around.  The hole closes behind you, and the rushing sound stops.  When you look back, there is no evidence of the hole you came from.  

A crisp, clear female voice announces, "Good job.  That is worth ten points."

> drop device
You set the device down on the floor.  The light follows it, staying a few feet away from it.  You feel better now.

> get light
Carefully, so as to not hurt your hand, you reach out and grab the circular light, placing your thumb and fingers on each side and avoiding touching the edge with your palm.  It takes a lot of effort to break the bond between the light and the device, but after a while of struggling, you finally manage to pull it free, and the light no longer responds to the device's call.

> push crate
You try to push the crate away from its spot on the wall, revealing... oh, hey, there's a hole behind where the crate was.  How completely unexpected.  Just as you are thinking this, you must have gotten too close to the hole, because the now-familiar noises start up, and you're sucked through the the hole to the other side.  

The voice announces, "Great job.  That is worth 20 points."

> stand on box
You stand on the box.

> go through hole
As you reach toward the hole, you hear the same noises you heard last time, and are once again propelled through to the other side with no evidence of the hole behind you when you arrive.  

The voice announces, "Nice job.  That is worth 30 points."  

For a few seconds there, you thought you heard muted voices, but now there is only silence.

> look
The Fourth Room
The crate is here.  Above that is a hole.

> stand on crate
You stand on the crate.

> go through hole
Yet again, you reach toward the hole, the noises start up, and you are propelled through it to the other side.  

The voice announces, "Good.  That is worth 40 points."

> wait
You wait a bit...

> put crate on box
(Taking the crate first)
You put the crate onto the box.  

> stand on crate
You stand on the crate.

> climb ladder
From the crate, you climb up onto the ladder.  You can reach the hole from here.

> go through hole
As you begin to reach toward the hole, you hear a rushing sound and are propelled straight through the hole and down a moderately steep, slanted wall.  When you look back, you realize there's no way you could climb back up it even if you wanted to.  

As you walk into the new room, a man and a woman in suits rush up to greet you and shake your hand warmly.  A third person, in jeans and a normal shirt, hangs back for a few seconds and then leaves the room.  You stare curiously at him for a bit, and then forget about him as your attention is drawn elsewhere.

"Congratulations!" the greeters exclaim in unison, smiling ecstatically.

Then the woman takes over.  You recognize her voice as the one who announced the score changes.  "We just want you to know that you've received the highest score possible, okay?  We couldn't be more excited for you," she gushes.

"I knew you could do it!" the man adds confidently, grinning.

The woman speaks up again.  "Okay, now we're all very busy, and I'm sure you have things to do, so, once again, congratulations, and good luck in all your future endeavors!"  With that, she guides you to the door, opens it, and shoves you outside, locking the door behind you.  You stagger a bit, but regain your balance and wonder what all that was about.

> score
Your score is 200 out of a maximum of 200.  (100%)
