
> examine desk
This desk has been cleared of all papers, which presumably have been filed in the desk's drawer. There isn't even a suicide note. Some people are very inconsiderate. You guess that Michael Fleming was a tidy person, as you know that if you committed suicide, you would not bother to tidy up before you jumped.  A ruler and a mug are on the desk.

> take ruler
You take the ruler from the desk.

> take mug
You take the mug from the desk.

> push bookcase
When you push the bookcase a hidden passageway to the north is revealed. Unfortunately that does look a bit suspicious so you probably should investigate. You wonder why did you have to push that bookcase? Your intuition is annoyingly good at times, preventing you from getting out of here and having fun.

> north
You move north.
The lost passage
A door to the north bars your way through this downward sloping passage. Inside it is gloomy and you wonder why it even exists in an otherwise ordinary office building. There is a pipe sticking out of one wall, and a loose floorboard. You can return to the south.  

You can also see a hairpin jammed between two floorboards.

> lever board with ruler
You lever up the board slightly and find that it is filthy underneath. You think that you can identify a pair of tweezers down there.

> take tweezers
You take the pair of tweezers.

> put ruler in pipe
When you put the ruler inside you can feel a blockage, which you push aside to allow a trickle of water to begin flowing out. You should probably call a plumber after you are finished. 

You wait and wait until the mug is quarter filled by the trickle of water. It stops dripping soon after.

> wash tweezers
You wash the tweezers in the water until they are clean.

> take hairpin
You pull out the hairpin with the tweezers.

> open door
You pick the lock with the hairpin and open the door.

> north
You move north.
James McDonald's office
This is another standard office, which according to the name on the door is normally occupied by the Vice-Chairman James McDonald. You suppose it is suspicious that he had access to the locked office where the Chairman committed suicide. Maybe the Chairman was pushed instead. In this office is a desk, with a bin sitting next to it. There is also a very secure-looking safe on the wall. You can head back south or out.

> search bin
You look through the bin and find a safe combination on a piece of paper. Obviously the Vice-Chairman has never heard of a shredder, or he really is lazy like you.

> open safe
You open the safe.  An outline is inside the safe.

> take outline
You take the outline from the safe.

> x outline
It is an outline of some kind of plot, maybe to take over the world! You don't know, although that is probably unlikely. Unfortunately the page is ripped, leaving only the top two lines:
* Get rid of Michael Fleming
* Buy into Victicorp

This is a genuine clue, although you can still think of a few questions.
Is James McDonald really that careless, or has he been set up?
If he is guilty, what is his motive?
Why was there a lost passage in this building in the first place? 
Didn't they have a better designer for the building?
Is there more to the outline or is that it?
Is the outline's writer just leaving cryptic clues to trap a talented or not-so-talented detective?
What is Victicorp?
Why does it feel like that you are playing someone else's game?
Why are there so many questions?
Can someone else answer them?

Unfortunately, you know that the answer to the last question is no, or you will be fired. It is a pity that you continue to overachieve through the drive that pushes you on. All you ever wanted was a nice, lazy desk job, but for now you had better get on with the task at hand. 


You scored 5 out of the maximum 5!
That is 100% of the game!
Well done - you scored maximum points!

[Press any key to end]