
> jump
I brace my feet forward in the irons, rise up slightly more in the leathers, and Saint Venantius clears the pine shrubs with an eerily quiet pause, like a breath drawn in and held, before galumphing back down on the other side and gathering all our combined weight forward with impossible strength and balance on his sleek bony forelegs.

> talk to george
'George you tiny bastard - pull up!' I screech, raising my crop to punctuate my desperation.

Unfortunately, his horse interprets my leather weapon as an attack on his head and shies violently to the side, unseating George the Elder in that particularly nasty part of the race where everyone is still all bunched up and jostling for thier favorite position. 

But my way is now clear and I yank on the right rein so the Saint doesn't end up heels over my head in the stream.

> jump
I approach the logs cautiously. While they are not a big deal in and of themselves, I want to make sure Saint Venantius is back off his front for that Irish Bank coming up two strides later.

The Saint pops over the logs and splashes down at the edge of the pond. The grey stopped at the Bank and his rider is taking him round the long way, over a smaller single-jump bank off to the side. That delay will cost him several seconds, and would give me a chance to catch up.

Tom's bay baulks at the Irish Bank as well, and I can see that he won't be able to get out of the way in time for me to jump it at my current pace.

> turn right
I pull back on one rein and turn Saint Venantius in a tight circle. This keeps his momentum up, but allows me to give Tom a few minutes to get out of my way. He heads for the longer way around, and I let the Saint attack the Irish bank. 

It's a wide, flat-topped earthen mound, covered with grass. The horses have to jump onto the bank, and then push off the top with thier hind legs for a steep jump down to the other side. The Saint completes this perfectly, with a little help from me in the way of encouraging noises and an easy hand on the reins.

We crash through the rest of the pond and out the other side, and I finally notice that the view between the coppery pricked ears is empty and clear of front runners - I'm in the lead with only 2 miles to go.

Of course, my narrative of this particular race has to stop here (for now).

You scored 30 out of the maximum 30!
That is 100% of the game!
Well done - you scored maximum points!

[Press any key to end]