
> take wallet
You take the wallet, which contains the hotel keycard and the loose change.

> pay Steve
Being a gentleman, you walk over to the counter and pay the owner before you make your escape. Steve nods at you in thanks. 

"Come again"

He says

Something tells you that your going to have to avoid this place for a little while.

> w
You move west.
Alley
You burst into the back alley. Your head and heart are pounding in unison. Thoughts of betrayal swim around your head like sharks waiting for for the kill.
Your benefactors must have been less than impressed with last nights efforts. If they were, strings would have been pulled and the police would be the least of your worries.

Press a key
 

In your haste to escape from your pursuers, you burst through the door so hard you have knocked an officer who was waiting in the alley unconscious. No other officers are here - the police obviously didn't count that highly on you making your exit this way.

Press a key
 

The 'Alley' consists of two corrugated iron walls, fixed together in an 'L' shape. Whoever concreted the original earth here did a poor job, and patches of grass sprout out at various points of the ground. The unconscious police officer lays opposite you, and shows no signs of stirring. At the end of the alley to the north, there is an exit to the street.

There is a number spraypainted on the walls. 





> x officer
It is a police officer, wearing full uniform. He is out cold.

> x uniform
It is a police uniform

> look at number
Looking at the spraypainted number on the wall causes memories to start flooding into your mind.

'104'

104. The number of your hotel room. Just before you left, you'd done something important. Something in preperation.

Remember the number 104.

> take uniform
Scrabbling desperately, you remove the uniform from the officer.

> wear uniform
The uniform fits. You should now be sufficiently disguised to make your escape.

> n
You move north.
Front of shop
You move cautiously into the street. A couple and a few children are standing around, waiting to see what all the commotion is about. Fear isn't something you usually experience, but it could just keep you from an undisirable end here. your running on the longing to piece together the events of the night before.

Press a key
 

Aside from the interested pedestrians, the street is swarming with armed officers. Whatever you did, it couldn't have been pretty. The august trees paint the skyline with orange and auburn leaves. Your disguise won't last forever, and your quickly running out of options. 

Press a key

 



Out of the corner of your eye, a man beckons to you.

"Over here" he says. A hushed voice and a forced tone dress his words.

you can

1.)  Talk to the man.
2.)  Exit the street




> 1.)
You approach the man. He is dressed in fairly pedestrian clothes - a coat and jeans. He talks to you directly, but he never allows your eyes to meet.

"Theres more to this than you think"

You make a mental check that you hadn't actually considered the reason for this sudden flood of law enforcement - you'd just reacted.

"Show me your hand"

You look at the man hard. He is looking around anxiously. Perhaps aware - like you, the police could see through your disguise any minute. He repeats himself.

"Show me your hand"

You don't know whether or not to trust this man or not, but you really don't have a choice

1a.) Do as he asks

There may be another way....


> 104

The coin!

You memory was all shadows. Shadows and a face you never want to see again. The gold coin with the engraving of the serpent on it. Something to 'prove your loyalty when the time comes'

Loyalty isn't something you've had much experience with. 

Prison on the other hand, is, and you decide that you'd do anything to avoid going back.

You show the man the coin. He smiles grimly.

"Assassin...you are about to become a shadow.."



END OF PART ONE...

[Press any key to end]