
> take rocket launcher
You grin and pick up the rocket launcher, firing a few celebratory rockets up into the air. 

> smoke peyote
I'm going to give you a million points for saying that because I like people who support peyote. Any friend of peyote is a friend of Arthur Winslow.

> e
You move east.
Road to Dracula's Castle

Holy shit! Dracula is in an F-15 Eagle Fighter Jet firing missles at you as you stand next to the tipped over carriage on the road to his castle! You could continue North to reach the castle but it's too dangerous because Dracula's F-15 Eagle Fighter Jet is firing those missles at you. You could hide West in the carriage because it's safe from jet missles. 

> fire rocket launcher at jet
You lift the rocket launcher up and fire it at Dracula's F-15 Eagle Fighter Jet. It hits the jet's wing and sends it spiralling down, flames shooting out of the cockpit as Dracula's ejection seat flies out and floats down onto the top of his castle. 

"Dracula!!!!" you scream as the jet hits the ground next to you, causing a huge and badass explosion that sends you hurtling through a window into Dracula's castle where you land comfortably on a bed. That was lucky. And cool. Someone should adapt this into a movie, hint hint. 

> push bed
You push the cot out of the way and reveal a trapdoor in the floor underneath. It must be a hassle for Dracula to move the bed everytime he has to get under there, it'd probably be easier just to put the cot in the other corner of the room so it doesn't cover up the door in the floor. 

> open trapdoor
Dracula's Recording Studio

You have just stumbled into Dracula's personal recording studio! A large mixing board dominates half of the room which is filled with a wide variety of knobs, buttons and levers.   Opposite it is a set of large speakers which are covered with stacks of tapes, a large cable connects from the speakers to a guitar in the corner of the room which leans against a ladder that leads back up to Dracula's bedroom. 

> take cable
You take the long piece of cable.

> u
You move up.
Dracula's Bedroom

You are in Dracula's bedroom which is a room where people tend to sleep. Dracula's cot rests ajar in the corner of the room, a trapdoor leading Down underneath where it used to sit next to a large poster of famed text adventure designer Arthur Winslow. A small desk in the corner of the room holds a typewriter which Dracula uses to answer all of his fan mail and there's a door to the North which leads deeper into the terrifyingly scary castle. 

> n
You move north.
Destroyed Hallway
Ack! Darn that Dracula! Darn him to heck! The upper hallway of his castle where you stand has been considerably demolished, most definitely by the vampire himself in order to prevent you from getting any further into his home. The stone floor in front of you has crumbled away leaving only some metallic bars jutting out and a view of the great hall down below . The door to the South leads back to Dracula's Bedroom.

> tie cable to metal bar
You tie the cable around the metal bar poking out of the demolished cement making a snazzy little rope to get down. Good job, you!

> climb down cable
You grab a hold of the cable and slide down to the great hall below in a very cool manner. 

The sound of two hands slowly clapping soon distracts you from any other thoughts. "Well done," Dracula says as he slowly walks out of the shadows giving you a round of ironic applause. "You have once again returned to my castle...not many people can do that, you are indeed a worthy adversary."

You pull out your 9mm handgun and hold it sideways with the barrel aimed straight at Dracula's forehead. "Give me a reason not to blow you away right here, cochise," you say like a loose cannon with nothing to lose. "I swear to Ra I'll do it. I'll pump you full of so much lead I'll be able to use your corpse as a pencil to write down my grocery list."

Dracula grins and in the blink of an eye raises his right hand revealing a massive .44 magnum pointed in your direction. "A mexican standoff. We both knew it would end like this."

Your eyes open wide in shock as you see the magnum...it's the same gun he gunned down your wife with in front of the Kinko's in the strip mall parking lot! "You son of a B," you scream in mad angry anger. "I'm gonna shoot you now. You are so shot."

You both pull the trigger on your respective guns at the same time and wait for the dust to settle to see who was left standing. There was no dust as it was a surprisingly clean castle so it didn't take long at all. You opened your eyes and looked down...he had missed. You were fine. Dracula was not so lucky.

"Argh, a bullet to the stomach, how did you know my only weakness," Dracula mumbled as he stumbled forward and then fell to the ground. "Come closer...I have...something I need to tell you..."

You stepped forward and bent down on one knee to hear the dying man's last words. "I want you to know," he said coughing up some blood. "I'm...your son."

"Nooooooo!" you screamed as your newly found out son Dracula closed his eyes...forever. "What a shocking twist! No one saw this coming!" you cried out as you raised your arms in defeat and then began to cry tears. Tears of sadness. 



THE END?



THANKS FOR PLAYING RETURN TO DRACULA'S CASTLE II: REVENGE OF DRACULA'S CASTLE



THE DESIGNER WOULD LIKE TO THANK THE FOLLOWING PEOPLE: ARTHUR WINSLOW, BRAM STOKER, THE STAFF AT THE HARD ROCK CAFE IN DETROIT, GOD, CHEECH MARIN, AND MOST IMPORTANTLY YOU...THE PLAYER...FOR PLAYING.



COMING IN 1990: 

RETURN TO DRACULA'S CASTLE III: DRACULA'S CASTLE GOES HAWAIIAN

You scored 1000000 out of the maximum 1000000!
That is 100% of the game!
Well done - you scored maximum points!

[Press any key to end]