
> unlock door with keys
You unlock your front door with your keys.

> open door
You open your front door.

> n
You move north.
The Hall
The hall is dark; you dare not turn on any lights. To the south is the front door and just to your right (east) is the even darker living room. Along the hall to the north are the creaky old stairs leading to the landing above.  You can also see a small red torch.

> remove shoes
You remove your shoes.

> n
You head north and go up the stairs.  
The Landing
The landing is very dark, but you still dare not turn on any lights. Even in your present drunken condition your memory is functional, the bathroom is to the west and your bedroom (and Miriam) to the north.

> w
You move west.
The Bathroom
In gloom you can only really make out the bath and the toilet. At least the sound in here is muffled slightly mostly due to a mouldy old carpet. The landing is to the east.

> drop shoes
You drop your shoes without making any noise.

> e
You move east.
The Landing
The landing is very dark, but you still dare not turn on any lights. Even in your present drunken condition your memory is functional, the bathroom is to the west and your bedroom (and Miriam) to the north.

> n
You move north.
Your Bedroom
Your bedroom is the location of many a battle of the sexes (you always lose). You can see your marital bed and hear Miriam, who is snoring loudly. Next to the bed is a small cabinet and an open window is to the north. To the south is the way back to the landing.  Miriam is lying in your bed, hopefully fast asleep.

> x cabinet
It is a very cheap bedside cabinet.  The rolling pin is on the cabinet.

> take rolling pin
You take the rolling pin from the cabinet.

> throw rolling pin out window
You throw the rolling pin out of the window.

> lay on bed
You lie down on your bed.  You carefully lie on the bed trying not to wake Miriam.

Miriam wakes and shouts, "What time it is?" 

To which you reply, "It is late my sweetness."

Her substantial frame rolls over and goes back to sleep.

You have done it!

Feel free to report any bugs, send praise or give general feedback to richardo@delron.co.uk

You scored 50 out of the maximum 50!
That is 100% of the game!
Well done - you scored maximum points!

[Press any key to end]