
> ask huey for ladder
   "I hope you don't mind but I would like to borrow your ladder to rescue the cat in the tree," you say to Huey.
  He allows you to take the ladder.
  A car drives by on the street, hitting a small puddle near the curb that splashes up, soaking your right foot. 
  The woman has dodged the waterfall, and giggles a little. As you take a couple of steps, she asks, "I hear a squeaking noise! Is that a mouse?"
  "No," you reply with disdain, "it's my newly bathed foot."
 

> lean ladder against tree
  You stagger over to the tree, your 5'-4" tall 110 pound frame dragging the ladder behind you, and place it against the trunk up into the branches.
Huey the Contractor walks by and stops
.

> ask girl for milk
  You thank the little girl as you take the cup of milk.
  "Your welcome. You owe me 25 cents!" she says, handing it to you.


> climb up ladder
  You tenuously climb the rungs up to the top. Reaching up, the cat is still out of reach.
  It turns, looks at you and hisses. Then the cute little pussy saunters a few feet, and jumps up higher into the tree.


> climb up tree
  Leaning over precariously, you grab onto a branch and carefully pull yourself up into the tree branches. Balancing carefully, you make your way to where the cat lies, watching you.


> offer cup of milk to cat
  Offering the cupful of milk to the cat, it meows gently and approaches you. You wait, still as possible as the cat begins licking the milk. Reaching out gently, you grab the cat easily and bring it close to you.
  The crowd below you renders a hearty cheer...
  "Yay!"


> get cat
  Offering the cupful of milk to the cat, it meows gently and approaches you. You wait, still as possible as the cat begins licking the milk. Reaching out gently, you grab the cat easily and bring it close to you.
  The crowd below you renders a hearty cheer...
  "Yay!"


> climb down ladder
  As you carefully begin to lower yourself down the shaky ladder, you lose your balance and end up sliding down the last few rungs to the sidewalk, bruising your shins.
  "Ow!" you holler.
  "Oh, marvelous!" the woman exclaims. "You rescued the cat!"
  You stand and hobble over to the woman, presenting the cat to her. She looks at you and says, "That isn't my cat! Get that little beast away from me!" She turns and rushes off as the cat jumps down from your arms, hurries to the tree and climbs up into the branches!
  "Oh, look, Mister," the little girl says. "There's a cat up in the tree! Where's my quarter?
  "Hey, pal. I need my ladder!"
  "Mister, you don't look so good," the little boy says.

 


You scored 50 out of the maximum 50!
That is 100% of the game!
Well done - you scored maximum points!

[Press any key to end]