
> open door

Nervously you walk towards the main door, stopping for a brief moment to adjust your appearance in the mirror and gain some measure of decorum. 

Presently you open the door, it creaks open loudly, and before you stands the infamous Madame Sousa, medium only to those of wealth and prominence in society.

Though she dresses in the finest garments, Madame Sousa looks uncomfortable in her clothes, as though she'd be far happier dressed in rags. She speaks with a thick French accent, and her wild red hair and sparkling eyes betray an almost unmistakable gypsy heritage.

"Ah! Monsieur Smith?" she enquires as she first catches sight of you.


"Please, madame, do come in!"

Madame Sousa curtseys slightly and you take her hand to guide her into your home.

A Presence , unseen, follows you from above.  
"Monsieur, we should head to the attic I think, non?"

You nod your head in agreement with Madame Sousa.

"Of course, Madame."

 



> up
You move up.
Landing

The first floor landing of your home. 

At the end of the corridor to the north lies the master bedroom.

In preperation for the Seance, and under Madame Sousa's strict instructions, all doors, except that of the Master Bedroom and the attic, have been locked.



  On closer inspection, the attic door appears to be closed, much to your annoyance, as you had expressly asked your staff to leave it open.



  You can move north and down.

> north
You move north.
The Master Bedroom

The Master Bedroom used to be such a happy place for you and your wife. Now it seems lifeless and drab.

The bed is a beautiful four poster, though you feel restless around it these days.

You notice the dresser still looks magnificent, and remember Emily used to brush her hair in front of its mirror before bed. 

The door leads out to the landing to the south.

  
You feel sure that the dresser moved slightly, but pass it off as your imagination playing tricks on you.



  You can only move south.  
Suddenly, Madame Sousa freezes and places a shaking hand to her temple. 

"Are you quite alright?" you enquire in a concerned tone.

Madame Sousa shoos you away briefly, her head moving slightly as if she strains to hear something... 

After a moment she composes herself and smiles weakly at you.

"I am quite alright... " she begins.

"I feel, though, that we should explore the bedroom you and your wife shared, monsieur. I am getting a strong feeling that something useful will be found there..."



> open dresser
You open the dresser.  The Attic Key is inside the dresser.

> take key
You take The Attic Key from the dresser.

> south
You move south.
Landing

The first floor landing of your home. 

At the end of the corridor to the north lies the master bedroom.

In preperation for the Seance, and under Madame Sousa's strict instructions, all doors, except that of the Master Bedroom and the attic, have been locked.



  On closer inspection, the attic door appears to be closed, much to your annoyance, as you had expressly asked your staff to leave it open.



  You can move north and down.

> unlock attic door with key
You unlock attic door with The Attic Key.

> open attic door
You open attic door.

> up

You walk up the winding iron stairs and enter the attic. Madame Sousa follows you.


Attic

You shiver at the sudden drop in temperature as you enter the attic.

In the centre of the room is a small table, which, at Madame Sousa's request, has a candle at its centre and two chairs at either end. 

The floorboards seem to creek with very little effort, and you can't help but have an empty feeling inside you, probably because you've removed nearly everything that was in here as per Madame Sousa's instructions.

You can see the storm has intensified through the attic windows, and wonder just how bad it will be...


A single candle sits upon the table.

  You can only move down.  
On entering the room, Madame Sousa surveys the attic briefly, then breathes in deeply and nods in satisfaction. 

"Monsiuer, before we proceed I have to ask you to give me the key to this room.



> give key to sousa

You give the key to Madame Sousa, thinking its connection to Emily might be an important tool in summoning her here. 

You are vaguely suprised when Madame Sousa makes sure the door is locked. 

"Though we are here to speak to Emily, we must be cautious monsieur," the clairvoyant explains. 

"One can never tell 'who' or 'what' will come through from the other side. And we don't want to let them out now, do we?"

Madame Sousa walks towards the table, her fingers flowing lightly over the white cloth place upon it, and lighting the candle that sits in the centre of the table.

She sits at the table and motions to the empty chair opposite her.

"Won't you please join me, monsieur?" she asks warmly.



> sit at table

Nervously you pull back a chair and sit at the table with Madame Sousa...


Madame Sousa holds your hands tightly, shuts her eyes and takes a deep breath...  

You hear her whispering, small and fast mouth movements caught in the flicker of the candlelight. 

It sounds like some form of invocation or divine blessing, but you struggle to catch the words...



> chant

You begin to chant with Madame Sousa, slowly and unsure at first. Soon, your voice is louder than hers...


The candle begins to flicker wildly...


Madame Sousa's eyebrows raise in surprise at your fervour, but she continues.


You feel nervous, perhaps even a little sick. How inconvenient. Yet you know you must go on. You know you must ask Emily for forgiveness...





> wait
Time passes...

Suddenly Madame Sousa breathes in sharply... You're startled by the sudden intake of breath...



> wait
Time passes...

> wait
Time passes...

Madame Sousa's head moves back into the darkness, then re-emerges into the shallow light of the now blue burning candle...

"Someone's here," she whispers, breathlessly.

You see Madame Sousa wince briefly, her eyes shut with even more intensity for the briefest of moments.

"Someone is here, monsiuer. They have a gift for you... Are you carrying anything new about your person?"



> open locket

You gently prise the heart shaped locket open... inside are two tiny photographs... one half holds a photo of yourself, the other, of your dear Emily...


You shut your eyes, and hear a whisper on the wind...

"...Henry..."

Opening your eyes quickly, you notice Madame Sousa appears to be in some sort of trance.

She mouths the words, but the voice you hear is not hers.

Impossibly, the voice you hear is Emily's.

"Henry, my handsome, wonderful man. I have missed you so much..."  


A sudden wind blasts through the attic from nowhere, blowing the candle out.

You try looking up, and see that a portal of light has appearead above your head, the ceiling of the attic completely obscured by its brilliance...



> up
(Getting off the chair first)
You move up.
In light

There is literally nothing here. It is as if you are in a great white expanse of light. No sky. No floor. There is just emptiness here...

  Emily is here.

> yes

"I am so happy my love"

Emily asks for your hand, and taking one final look down at your physical form lying in the attic, you whisper a silent thank you to Madame Sousa.

Taking Emily's hand in yours, you walk together towards the pure white horizon.   
Towards eternity with your love...




Press any key to continue 



[Press any key to end]