
> i
You are carrying a toy whistle.

> x whistle
Stu's gonna be pissed. It's a whistle you got from his cereal. 

> x house
It's a nice house...well, not really. 

> x fence
The fence is useful for keeping punks out of your yard. Unfortunately, most punks just enter your yard where the fence ends. That's a glaring design problem.

> x path
The stone path was in much better condition before you and Stu started bashing it with baseball bats for fun. 

> e
You move east.
Shed
The shed next to your house is usually warm and inviting, but today's it's dark and terrifying. Ah well, nothing's perfect. A strange rustling sound can be heard from within, which is weird because you have nothing but heavy, tools in there, and those don't rustle at all! The yard is back to the South.

> x shed
It's a nice shed...well, not really. I guess you could say the same thing about the house. 

> open shed
You slowly opened the door and peeked inside.

"Uh...helloooo?" you said as you stuck your head in the door.

A large hand grasped around your head, and began tugging on your skull. 

"Oh come on! That's really uncalled for!" you screamed as you pulled your head back through the door.

You slowly backed away from the shed as a figure slowly stumbled out through the open door. It was a man, definetely dead as his eyes were missing and a large machete was sticking out of his neck.

"Dear god, this is just like that movie...that movie with the dead, and it was their night...I think it was called 'The Night the Zombies Took Over'," you said to yourself, trying to explain the thing in front of you.

Suddenly, the zombie's head exploded in a pile of excessive gore. You looked up to see Stu standing above you, a rifle in his hands.

"Ha, and they say guns are dangerous," Stu remarked as he aimed the gun down at you while reloading it.

You stood up and slowly stepped over to the dead man. Yep, he was a zombie alright. He had all the characteristics of one.

"Well, we better head inside," Stu explained. "These zombies are nothing but trouble. Plus, we'll catch a cold."

You looked past the driveway, out into Wright Street, which was swarming with zombies. "Hey Stu, do you think we could make it through there?"

Stu shook his head. "They'd probably tear us apart like G.I Joe's. But it's your decision, you lead, I'll follow."

> x Stu
Stu's a guy who would shoot at you with a gun during the day, and then call you his best friend at night. He's cool that way. 

> x zombies
You love zombies in movies, but zombies in real life are real douchebags. 

> ask stu about zombies
'I hate dead people that try to kill you, they really suck!'

> ask stu about gun
'I love firepower. I could shoot things all day.'

> ask stu about whistle
'You douchebag, that's my cereal toy!'

> ask stu about house
'You still owe me last month's rent. Don't try to avoid the subject by saying we have to fight zombies, you still owe me!'

> ask stu about shed
'Nice shed, ain't it?''

> e
You move east.
Shed
The shed next to your house is usually warm and inviting, but today's it's dark and terrifying. Ah well, nothing's perfect. A strange rustling sound can be heard from within, which is weird because you have nothing but heavy, tools in there, and those don't rustle at all! The yard is back to the South.  

It seems that when the zombie came out of the shed, he dragged out your chainsaw too, because it's now lying on the ground. 

> x zombie
Nothing special.

> x chainsaw
Nothing special.

> take chainsaw
As you raise the chainsaw into the air, you feel as if your life is complete. 

> w
You move west.
Yard
You're in the yard next to your small home. A wooden fence stretched all around the area, except for the driveway which led out into the street. A stone path led from the house entrance to the shed to the East, where you kept most of your tools. Following the path to the south would take you back to the house, while heading North would take you to the street.  

Stu stands around looking tough with his rifle

> n
You head North to Wright Street.

> look
Wright Street
Wright Street would be cool if it wasn't surrounded by zombies. But it is surounded by zombies, so it's terrifying. In fact, there's so many zombies, you can't even tell where you're going, it's like a maze of the undead.   

Stu stands around looking tough with his rifle  

The zombies began to surround you and Stu. 

> x zombies
You love zombies in movies, but zombies in real life are real douchebags. 

> kill zombies with chainsaw
You rev the chainsaw and hold it high in the air. Stu cocks his rifle, and the two of you begin a slicin' and blastin' spree through the crowd of zombies. Blood and guts spray everywhere as you two take down the zombies. 

"Hey, "Stu says as he pokes you in the back. "I'm almost out of bullets. We need a place to hide."

You finally stop hacking mindlessly away with the chainsaw and look around. All the zombies are dead. 

Stu points to a store down the street. "Hey, look, the pet shop. I bet we could hide in there!"

> look
Outside Pet Shop
You and Stu are standing outside Pete's Pets, the oldest pet store in town.   The front door seems to be locked, and the large glass window that leads into the store is boarded up tight. The sidewalk outside the store isn't doing much better, it's cracked and covered in zombie blood.   

Stu stands around looking tough with his rifle

> x door
Who locks their door when they're not around? What a crazy idea.

> x window
The window seems to have been broken, so Pete must've boarded it up. He did a good job, because these boards are really stuck on here tight. 

> x sidewalk
Sidewalks. They're wacky. 

> x blood
Yech...zombie blood. The worst kind of blood. 

> ask stu about pet shop
'I like the Pet Shop Boys. Good tunes.'

> ask stu about door
'I hate doors. They're pricks.'

> open door
You go crazy on the door with everything you've got. For some reason, nothing works, not even your chainsaw. This is some sort of door of doom, because you can't seem to be able to open it. 

> cut boards with chainsaw
You cut the boards in half with the chainsaw. You can now climb In through the window to the pet shop. 

> in
You enter the pet shop. 

> look
Pet Shop
You have no time to look around because a vicious zombie dog is staring you down. Any second now he's going to jump and eat your juicy brain. Trust me, that'd really suck. You better stop him, and you better do it fast.

> x dog
Zombie dogs. Why did it have to be zombie dogs. 

> blow whistle
With no other options, you pull out the toy whistle and blow on it. The high frequency pitch of the whistle sounds the dog yelping into the night, or in this case, into the middle of the afternoon. 

Stu steps in through the broken window. "Well, it looks like we might survive this zombie holocaust after all."

You nod. "Yep. Zombies are pushovers. I mean, I've killed old people that were harder to defeat."

"Hahaha, I know. And we can keep making fun of zombies, because there's absolutely no way they can eat us anymore, I mean, we're invincible!"

Later that day, you and Stu were eaten by zombies.



The End  
You scored 0 out of the maximum 0!
That is 100% of the game!
Well done - you scored maximum points!

[Press any key to end]
